TITLE: Mark Cuban wants to introduce Taylor Swift to Mavericks players

DESCRIPTION:
If Taylor Swift's much-rumored romance with Kansas City Chiefs stud tight end Travis Kelce doesn't work out, there's one NBA owner who thinks he can play matchmaker for the pop-country superstar.

CONTENT:
 If Taylor Swift's much-rumored romance with Kansas City Chiefs stud tight end Travis Kelce doesn't work out, there's one NBA owner who thinks he can play matchmaker for the pop-country superstar. 
 Longtime Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban told TMZ on Thursday that he'd like to introduce Swift to some of the players on the team. His reasoning behind the idea appears to show that he may not have the 33-year-old singer-songwriter's love life on the top of his mind, however. 
Watch out, #TravisKelce! #MarkCuban shoots his shot at #TaylorSwift ... in a way  https://t.co/OyBl6jNIbN pic.twitter.com/ocRuTBV3bo
"Taylor Swift impacts the economy," Cuban said. "She adds value everywhere she goes. ... Literally every city she brings her tours to, you can see the economy get a bump out of it. The NFL's gotta be loving this."
Cuban did add that, while Swift's connection with Kelce is good for marketing, he believes the relationship is genuine.
Kelce and Swift's relationship (whether romantic or not) has dominated headlines in recent weeks.
The internet nearly exploded on Sunday afternoon when she was spotted at Arrowhead Stadium not only attending the Chiefs' Week 3 blowout victory against the Chicago Bears but sitting with the All-Pro's mother, Donna Kelce. The couple was also seen leaving the stadium together following Kansas City's 41-10 win.
It was reported on Thursday that the "Anti-Hero" singer was expected to be in attendance for the Chiefs' Week 4 matchup against the New York Jets.
Any lack of excitement in the actual contest (presumably a Kansas victory) will surely be outweighed by Swift's primetime appearance at MetLife Stadium on "Sunday Night Football."
More must-reads:
Get the latest news and rumors, customized to your favorite sports and teams. Emailed daily. Always free!