TITLE: After Travis Kelce’s Zero TD Performance in Front of Taylor Swift, Patrick Mahomes Concedes Being ‘Greedy’ Against Jets

DESCRIPTION:
The Kansas City Chiefs are on their conquest to Super Bowl glory for the third time. Don’t believe us? Take a look at their stellar record this season. The Chiefs are currently sitting at 3-1 after their epic showdown with the New York Jets at the star-studded MetLife Stadium. The reigning champions proved that not&#8230;The post After Travis Kelce’s Zero TD Performance in Front of Taylor Swift, Patrick Mahomes Concedes Being ‘Greedy’ Against Jets appeared first on EssentiallySports.

CONTENT:
Follow Us
USA Today via Reuters
Jan 1, 2023; Kansas City, Missouri, USA; Kansas City Chiefs quarterback Patrick
Mahomes (15) celebrates toward fans prior to a game against the Denver Broncos
at GEHA Field at Arrowhead Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Denny Medley-USA TODAY
Sports TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY | Image Courtesy: Imago
The Kansas City Chiefs are on their conquest to Super Bowl glory for the third time. Don’t believe us? Take a look at their stellar record this season. The Chiefs are currently sitting at 3-1 after their epic showdown with the New York Jets at the star-studded MetLife Stadium. The reigning champions proved that not all matches are by luck and a strong line-up; some victories are the results of pure hard work and determination.
America’s Favorite Video Today
Coincidently enough, Jets QB Zach Wilson finally hit his stride as an NFL quarterback, while QB sensation Patrick Mahomes experienced one of his roughest stretches.
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
In this electrifying showdown, the NFL’s hottest stars weren’t just on the field – the stands were packed with A-listers soaking up the action. Taylor Swift, who’s becoming a regular since her Arrowhead debut, graced us with her presence once again. And she wasn’t alone — Ryan Reynolds, Blake Lively, and Hugh Jackman joined the star-studded crowd. 
In a post-match powwow, the Chiefs’ star QB, Patrick Mahomes, spoke about the team’s performance and how they pulled off that last-minute magic. 
November 21, 2023 09:49 pm EDT
November 21, 2023 05:23 pm EDT
November 14, 2023 09:26 pm EDT
November 22, 2023 08:00 pm EDT
November 23, 2023 09:24 pm EDT
Get instantly notified of the hottest NFL stories via Google! Click on Follow Us and Tap the Blue Star.
Follow Us
Hours After Zach Wilson War, $450,000,000 Kanas City Chiefs QB Patrick Mahomes
Drops a Heartbreaking Confession
 When asked about the two similar interceptions the Chiefs faced and what went wrong during those plays, the 4x NFL MVP  admitted: “It’s being greedy, man… they (Jets) covered both the plays well… with Travis, the situation was where I’m trying to get Harrison in field goal range… and I thought Trav had beat his guy but the whole player was there and I thought that I could throw it over, obviously I couldn’t…”
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
Even though Travis Kelce couldn’t find the end zone, this showdown between the Chiefs and Jets was a reality check in NFL land. The Chiefs need to fine-tune their game just a tad, while the Jets discovered they’ve got more football mojo than they thought, even though they fell short by a mere 3 points. 
via Imago
Kansas City Chiefs QB Patrick Mahomes and New York Jets | Image Courtesy: Imago
With Wilson firing on all cylinders and showing some serious hustle, the Jets clawed back to tie the game. Now, as we look ahead to Week 5, it’s all about what’s in store for these two squads.
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
Watch This Story: Look – Patrick Mahomes Pre-Game Outfit for Kansas City Chiefs vs. New York Jets Is Here
The Fan's Perspective
Enjoyed Your Read? Let us know how likely you are to recommend EssentiallySports to your friends!
1
2
3
4
5
Least Likely
Most Likely
Submit
ADVERTISEMENT
Written by:
Jhelum Mehta
272Articles
One take at a time
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT