TITLE: With Taylor Swift In The House, Patrick Mahomes Felt Pressure To Throw A TD To Travis Kelce

DESCRIPTION:
Patrick Mahomes felt the pressure to hook his boy Travis Kelce up.

CONTENT:
Taylor Swift (derecha) observa desde una suite junto a la madre de Travis Kelce, Donna Kelce, en el ... [+] Arrowhead Stadium durante la primera mitad del juego de NFL entre los Chicago Bears y los Kansas City Chiefs, en Kansas City, Misuri. Domingo 24 de septiembre de 2023. (AP Foto/Ed Zurga)
Patrick Mahomes felt the pressure to hook his boy Travis Kelce up.
With Taylor Swift in the house at Arrowhead Stadium on Sunday, the Kansas City Chiefs quarterback admitted to feeling an extra does of pressure to throw a touchdown pass to his favorite tight end.
“Yeah, I heard she was in the house, I felt a little bit of pressure and so I knew I had to get it to Trav,” Mahomes told Erin Andrews of Fox after the Chiefs pounded the Chicago Bears, 41-10.
“And of course it’s on a rout that Travis does his own thing and just makes up a rout and I throw it to him. I think he wanted to get in end zone just as much as all the Swifties wanted him to.”
Swift and Kelce, both 33, have been romantically linked in recent weeks, and Kelce invited the music superstar to Sunday’s game at Arrowhead during an appearance Thursday on “The Pat McAfee Show.”
“I threw it out there, I threw the ball in her court,” he said. “I told her, you know, I’ve seen you rock the stage in Arrowhead [Stadium], you might have to come see me rock the stage in Arrowhead and see which one’s a little more lit. So, we’ll see what happens in the near future.”
Sure enough, Swift showed up to see the reigning Super Bowl champs.
Decked out in Chiefs’ red, Swift sat next to Kelce’s mother, Donna, cheering and clapping during the game.
“Put the rumors to rest,” Greg Olsen said on the FOX broadcast. “I think they are officially a couple. I think the Internet right now is going insane.”
And it did, especially after Mahomes hit Kelce for a third-quarter touchdown to make it 41-0 and Swift was seeing shouting a profanity in excitement.
In July, Kelce appeared on the New Heights podcast to say he had made a bracelet for Swift and hoped to give it to her in person when she performed at Arrowhead, but the singer was on vocal rest and wasn’t taking visitors.
Now he got to showcase his skills in front of her on his home turf.
Swift’s Eras Tour resumes Oct. 18 in Miami, while Kelce and the Chiefs next play at the Jets next Sunday night in a nationally televised game.
