TITLE: Taylor Swift Has Another Song From ‘Reputation (Taylor’s Version)’ Coming Very Soon

DESCRIPTION:
In the midst of her ongoing tour, Taylor Swift is making headlines across the music scene.

CONTENT:
NEW YORK, NY - DECEMBER 08:  Taylor Swift performs onstage at the Z100's Jingle Ball 2017 on ... [+] December 8, 2017 in New York City.  (Photo by Kevin Mazur/Getty Images)
Taylor Swift’s fans were delighted on Wednesday (August 23) with the announcement that they can now hear a sneak peek of her re-recorded version of the hit track "Look What You Made Me Do."
The preview of the electroclash tune makes its debut in the trailer for Amazon Prime Video’s upcoming thriller series, Wilderness. The news was shared by the streamer, which put the inclusion of Swift’s song front-and-center, almost mentioning the actual promotion of the show as a bonus.
"Look What You Made Me Do (Taylor's Version)" is set to serve as the opening title song for the much-anticipated Amazon Prime Video series. According to a release shared by the company, the upcoming thriller is described as such:
“Liv becomes the actress starring in Will’s bad dreams after she learns about his betrayal, and her heartbreak is swiftly followed by another emotion: fury. The couple embark on an American road trip Liv’s fantasised about since she was little, from the Grand Canyon on through Yosemite, before ending up with a hedonistic weekend in Las Vegas. For Will, it’s a chance to make amends; for Liv, it’s a very different prospect—a landscape where accidents happen all the time. The perfect place to get revenge. Look what he made her do…”
Fans can hear the first taste of the updated take of "Look What You Made Me Do” on now, with the show premiering on September 15.
This is not the first time that Swift has allowed one of her re-recordings to be used in this manner. In fact, it’s not even the first time a tune from the future Reputation (Taylor’s Version) has been utilized in such a manner. Earlier this month, her re-recorded rendition of "Delicate," a popular single from her Reputation era, was featured in the latest season of Amazon Prime Video’s The Summer I Turned Pretty.
That move, which was not announced, was thrilling to fans watching the show. They caught the slightly altered take and the clip quickly went viral online, with many clamoring to hear even a snippet of the upcoming Reputation (Taylor’s Version).
"Look What You Made Me Do" was a fast chart-topper when it was originally released back in 2017. The tune went right to No. 1 on the Hot 100, giving the singer her fifth leader, at the time.
As the lead single from her Reputation album, the track signified a significant shift in Swift's musical direction. Infused with darker tones and more electronic elements, the song ventured into new territories while retaining Swift's signature lyrical prowess. The smash’s thematic depth focused on Swift's experiences with media scrutiny, fame and even her public conflicts, notably including her feud with Kanye West.
The strategic incorporation of songs from the re-recorded version of Reputation, soon to be titled Reputation (Taylor's Version), into visual projects raises tantalizing speculations about the impending album release. Despite this thrilling prospect, fans will need to exercise a bit of patience before they can savor the full collection of re-recorded gems.
While she may be teasing Reputation (Taylor's Version), it’s not likely that the album is coming soon, as Swift has already announced her next project. During a recent stop on her The Eras Tour, the star confirmed that the next of her albums to receive the re-recording treatment will be 1989, and it will be available in late October.
