TITLE: Swifties Take NFL: Ratings Soared For Chiefs Game As Taylor Swift Cheered On Travis Kelce

DESCRIPTION:
Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift fueled dating rumors at a game that racked up impressive viewership numbers, even by NFL standards.

CONTENT:
The media firestorm that erupted when pop star Taylor Swift was seen cheering on Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce on Sunday appeared to draw millions of additional viewers to Fox for the broadcast of the game against the Chicago Bears, making the matchup the second-most-watched of the NFL season so far behind the season opener.
Donna Kelce, left, and Taylor Swift are seen during the first half of a game between the Chicago ... [+] Bears and the Kansas City Chiefs on September 24, 2023 in Kansas City, Missouri.
A total of 24.3 million viewers watched the Chiefs trounce the Bears on Sunday, Fox said, in a game that was arguably more interesting off the field than on—Kelce and Swift seemed to confirm dating rumors when the pop star was seen sitting with his mom in the stands and cheering Kelce to his second touchdown of the season.
The game, which the Chiefs won 41-10, is now the second-most-watched of the season so far, ratings data shows, falling only to the Chiefs vs. Detroit Lions season opener on NBC that was watched by 24.7 million people.
The next-most-watched game of 2023 so far was the Dallas Cowboys vs. New York Giants game on the first Sunday night of the season—20.17 million people watched on NBC—and 17.8 million viewers tuned in for the New England Patriots vs. Miami Dolphins game on NBC on Sunday, September 17.
Nielsen has not yet released its ratings data for broadcasts after September 18, but Fox said the Chiefs game was the most-viewed of any broadcast for the week on any network.
The announcers of the Chiefs matchup Sunday dropped a few Taylor Swift references in their calling of the game—Ian Eagle said "Kelce finds a blank space for the score!" in reference to the singer's 2014 hit Blank Space—and broadcaster Greg Olsen said, “I think they’re officially a couple, and I think the internet is going crazy right now.”
Travis Kelce, 87, of the Kansas City Chiefs catches a third quarter touchdown pass during a game ... [+] against the Chicago Bears on September 24, 2023.
Rumors that Swift and Kelce were dating started circulating last month after Kelce first suggested he was interested in Swift in July. He said on the New Heights podcast he'd made a friendship bracelet with his phone number on it to give to Swift after seeing an Era's Tour performance, but never got to give it to her. The speculation only grew last week when Kelce told The Pat McAfee Show he'd invited her to a game. Commentators had fun with the rumors last weekend, the week before she made her Arrowhead Stadium appearance, with NFL Network anchor Rich Eisen joking Kelce “proves to be the anti-hero” and “never goes out of style.” Fans took her appearance as confirmation of the dating rumors—Swift watched from a suite alongside Kelce’s mom, Donna, and appeared to yell “let’s f*cking go” after Kelce scored a touchdown. After the game, Swift and Kelce were seen driving away together in his convertible, reportedly headed to a restaurant Kelce rented out for a private party after the game.
In the time since the Swift appearance, fans, brands, Kansas City landmarks and even the NFL itself have jumped on the bandwagon. Kansas City's Union Station lit up red Sunday night and tweeted a photo with the caption: "'How the (Chiefs) Kingdom lights shined just for me and you.' This one's for you @tkelce and @taylorswift13." The Hidden Valley Ranch account on X (formerly known as Twitter) posted a photo of a friendship bracelet—which Swift fans swap at her Era's Tour concerts—that said "Seemingly Ranch" after someone posted a picture of Swift eating a chicken tender with "ketchup and seemingly Ranch" in the Chiefs' box. The NFL changed the bio on its official X account to "NFL (Taylor's Version).” Several memes have gone viral of Swift fans admitting they’re now interested in football for the first time, and the jacket named for Swift’s “1989” album that Kelce was seen wearing after the game has since sold out. A new TikTok trend has gone viral that sees Swifties asking their boyfriends, “Isn’t it crazy that Taylor Swift put Travis Kelce on the map?” Kelce has won two Super Bowls and been named first-team All-Pro four times.
400%. That's how much sports clothing retailer Fanatics told the Associated Press sales of Travis Kelce jerseys spiked after Taylor Swift's appearance at Arrowhead Stadium.
In a post-game interview, Kansas City Chiefs quarterback Patrick Mahomes said he felt an extra bit of pressure throw a touchdown pass to Kelce. “Yeah, I heard she was in the house, I felt a little bit of pressure and so I knew I had to get it to Trav,” Mahomes told Erin Andrews of Fox. "I think he wanted to get in end zone just as much as all the Swifties wanted him to.”
A fan holds a sign supporting Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce.

Taylor Swift And Travis Kelce Become Talk Of NFL After She Attends Chiefs Game (Forbes)
Taylor Swift And Travis Kelce Perfect The Art Of Coupling As Brand Building (Forbes)
With Taylor Swift In The House, Patrick Mahomes Felt Pressure To Throw A TD To Travis Kelce (Forbes)
