TITLE: “Tweet of the Year”: NFL World Can’t Keep Calm After Brittany Mahomes – Taylor Swift Breaking News

DESCRIPTION:
When you’re a 12-time Grammy-winning singer-songwriter, with millions of passionate and loyal supporters, the world is your oyster. And when it&#8217;s a personality like Taylor Swift, it&#8217;s not hard to awe NFL fans too. While Swift and Kelce have remained the talk of the town, it seems like the spotlight might have now shifted towards&#8230;The post “Tweet of the Year”: NFL World Can’t Keep Calm After Brittany Mahomes &#8211; Taylor Swift Breaking News appeared first on EssentiallySports.

CONTENT:
Follow Us
via Imago
Image Credits: Imago
When you’re a 12-time Grammy-winning singer-songwriter, with millions of passionate and loyal supporters, the world is your oyster. And when it’s a personality like Taylor Swift, it’s not hard to awe NFL fans too. While Swift and Kelce have remained the talk of the town, it seems like the spotlight might have now shifted towards the Brittany Mahomes-Swift duo as the two did the unthinkable.
America’s Favorite Video Today
Brittany Mahomes for years now has been the centre of attention for Kansas City Chiefs and NFL fans. The murmurings started as soon as Swift made her entrance to the Arrowhead that Brittany would be upstaged. Though this was the widespread consensus, the news coming out is quite contrary and fans are optimistically hopeful for a Swift-Mahomes pairing.
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
Patrick Mahomes’ wife and by extension his entire family have been the cornerstone of the Chiefs. It hasn’t been days since the fans were under a belief that ex-soccer player Brittany Mahomes might not be too pleased with losing the spotlight. But then, TMZ reported that Brittany and Taylor were seen enjoying each other’s company at the post-game party hosted by Travis Kelce. The fans weren’t shy to share their excitement on the internet.
BIG NEWS: Taylor Swift and Patrick Mahomes’ wife Brittany “hit it off” and had shots together at the Travis Kelce party, per TMZ.
“Our sources say the two chatted a ton at the bash … and at one point even took a shot together”
The two plan to keep in touch, and will be… pic.twitter.com/NLc8T2UWwM
— MLFootball (@_MLFootball) September 28, 2023

After The Chiefs destroyed The Bears 41-10, a post-game party was held by Travis Kelce, this is where Swift and Brittany linked up. Generating fans to go ga-ga. As one supporter wrote following the news “Oh damn…. I hope this works out… yasssssss” Her sentiment was shared by another fan writing “Hahhaaha omg this is amazing news I’m so happy about this lol they are BFFs and I love it so happy for them.”  One Chiefs fan breathed a sigh of relief at the news stating “Now I can officially relax. The anxiety I was getting wondering if these two hit it off was through the roof.” There was speculation as to how this meet-up would affect Patrick and Travis’ relationship going forward as well and fans had the answer for that as well.
November 21, 2023 09:49 pm EDT
November 21, 2023 05:23 pm EDT
November 14, 2023 09:26 pm EDT
November 22, 2023 08:00 pm EDT
November 23, 2023 09:24 pm EDT
Get instantly notified of the hottest NFL stories via Google! Click on Follow Us and Tap the Blue Star.
Follow Us
Hours After Taylor Swift’s Mega Announcement, Travis Kelce’s Mustache Impresses
Patrick Mahomes 50-Year-Old Supermom
Patrick and Travis have a brilliant duo on the field and now it seems their lives would be a bit in sync off the field as well. One Chiefs supporter wrote “That’d be great because Patrick and Travis are great friends and that’s what life is all about! Good friends and loving life!” some other fan stated “Good, I’m glad. I want them to get along. Their other halves are best friends so it’s the next logical step.” It has also been reported that they plan to attend several Chiefs games, could that be this Sunday against the Jets?
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
Taylor Swift is currently amidst her spectacular tour ‘Eras’ and she played at Metlife earlier this summer, so the chances of her attending the game are quite high. Taylor’s team has to clear her scheduling conflicts if it has to be a smooth attend, but the Jetsetter is also used to arriving at a place within a moment’s notice.
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
Swifties no doubt will be watching the game to get a glimpse of their favourite pop icon. Only time will tell, whether she is going to attend the game with Brittany or not. The chances of them linking up for home games are higher than on the road. But with the start of this new friendship, anything is possible.
What do you think, will Taylor and Brittany be at The Jets game cheering for The Chiefs? Let us know in the comments.
The Fan's Perspective
Enjoyed Your Read? Let us know how likely you are to recommend EssentiallySports to your friends!
1
2
3
4
5
Least Likely
Most Likely
Submit
ADVERTISEMENT
Written by:
Utkarsh Tiwari
117Articles
One take at a time
Edited by:
Mallika Singh
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT