TITLE: Amid Growing Buzz for Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce, Reports Suggest Rumored Couple Met in an Apartment

DESCRIPTION:
The rumored relationship between Travis Kelce and 12-time Grammy winner Taylor Swift is not hidden from anyone. And it’s so obvious that both of them are not even trying to keep it down. Amid the sparks of a rumored relationship, speculations started to increase with Taylor Swift’s visit to Arrowhead last Sunday. Taylor Swift was&#8230;The post Amid Growing Buzz for Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce, Reports Suggest Rumored Couple Met in an Apartment appeared first on EssentiallySports.

CONTENT:
Follow Us
via Imago
Image Credits: Imago
The rumored relationship between Travis Kelce and 12-time Grammy winner Taylor Swift is not hidden from anyone. And it’s so obvious that both of them are not even trying to keep it down. Amid the sparks of a rumored relationship, speculations started to increase with Taylor Swift’s visit to Arrowhead last Sunday. Taylor Swift was seen cheering for Travis Kelce and his team in their match against the Bears.
America’s Favorite Video Today
The Chiefs came on top with a convincing win 41-10 thrashing handed to the Bears. The win could not have come at a better time, giving a 21 point lead to the Chiefs. After the game, Travis Kelce was seen leaving with Taylor Swift in his convertible to attend the post-win celebration party thrown by Kelce himself. So what is happening in the Travis-Taylor world right now?
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
Adding fuel to the fire in their rumored dating status is a new update by a Taylor Swift Fan Page “Taylor Swift Updates’ on X(formerly known as Twitter). The Tweet read “Travis Kelce was seen visiting Taylor at her apartment this afternoon”. However, it has not been confirmed by any of them till now. But the post was enough to make fans further speculate on the rumored relationship.
via Imago
ST. JOSEPH, MO – JULY 23: Fans try to get autographs from Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce 87 before training camp on July 23, 2023 at Missouri Western State University in St. Joseph, MO. Photo by Scott Winters/Icon Sportswire NFL, American Football Herren, USA JUL 23 Kansas City Chiefs Training Camp EDITORIAL USE ONLY Icon2307230157
Whether Kelce paid the pop star a visit has not been confirmed with pictures due to the strict pre-game rules of the NFL. But both of them were seen having dinner in New York with their own gang members. Taylor had a dinner party with her girl pals Blake Lively, and Sophie Turner. They were also joined by Patrick Mahomes superwife Brittany Mahomes in New Jersey. The NFL star had dinner with his boy’s gang at a restaurant in Manhattan.
November 21, 2023 09:49 pm EDT
November 21, 2023 05:23 pm EDT
November 14, 2023 09:26 pm EDT
November 22, 2023 08:00 pm EDT
November 23, 2023 09:24 pm EDT
Get instantly notified of the hottest NFL stories via Google! Click on Follow Us and Tap the Blue Star.
Follow Us
Nevertheless, drama ensuing off the field doesn’t ensure the erasure of the hype behind the biggest game of the week.
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
The countdown for The Chiefs vs. Jets showdown has begun. It promises to be a top-end thriller as the Kansas offense will go head-to-head with Jets defense. All eyes will be on the best offensive pair “Patrick Mahomes and Travis Kelce”. Will they be able to work their magic again on the field to register another Kansas win? Only time will tell.
Chiefs Versus Jets Injury Report – Patrick Mahomes’ Trusted Ally Kadarius Toney
Starts His Countdown
Patrick’s Super wife Brittany Mahomes along with his mother and sister will attend the game. On the other hand, Taylor Swift’s visit to Metlife is not yet confirmed but she is highly likely to attend the game. The winner of the game will be decided on the field, but our off-field winner is Travis Kelce who is scoring both in and outside the game.
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
What do you make of the news that emerged over Kelce and Swift? Let us know in the comments section below.
Watch This Story: Hours Before Chiefs vs. Jets clash, tremendous Taylor Swift Seals 100,000,000 Milestone
The Fan's Perspective
Enjoyed Your Read? Let us know how likely you are to recommend EssentiallySports to your friends!
1
2
3
4
5
Least Likely
Most Likely
Submit
ADVERTISEMENT
Written by:
Hitesh Sharma
138Articles
One take at a time
Edited by:
Amal Joyce
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT