TITLE: Taylor Swift’s Concert Film Could Earn Up To $150 Million At The U.S. Box Office

DESCRIPTION:
Can Taylor Swift's concert movie earn more at the box office than most films? It seems like it might!

CONTENT:
INGLEWOOD, CALIFORNIA - AUGUST 09: EDITORIAL USE ONLY. Taylor Swift performs onstage during "Taylor ... [+] Swift | The Eras Tour" at SoFi Stadium on August 09, 2023 in Inglewood, California. (Photo by Kevin Winter/TAS23/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management)
Whenever Taylor Swift does anything, it’s sure to be huge, and that doesn’t apply to just music. The singer songwriter has a concert film coming to theaters next month, and some in the movie industry are expecting the title to be historic in terms of its box office draw.
According to insiders and industry experts who spoke to The Hollywood Reporter, the film could open to $100 million in ticket sales based on early purchases from fans who already have a pass.
That figure is bigger than many regular films, but it may be just the beginning for Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour. The outlet also cites sources that are apparently not ruling out the possibility of the movie ultimately grossing $150 million or more—and that’s just domestically.
AMC, one of the largest theater chains in the U.S. and the company that won the rights to distribute the concert movie, has already witnessed a presale frenzy for Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour. Within the first 24 hours that tickets were made available, the film's presales skyrocketed to a staggering $26 million. This figure set a new benchmark for the company, surpassing the previous record holder for resales in such a short period of time, 2021's Spider-Man: No Way Home, which raked in $16.9 million in first-day ticket sales.
While demand may be incredibly high, AMC is working to match what Swifties want. The theater chain is working on ensuring that no Ticketmaster-style fiascos take place when people are ordering their tickets. The company is also planning on showing Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour at least four times a day on Thursdays, Fridays, Saturdays, and Sundays for several weekends.
Swift's Eras Tour, which kicked off in March of this year in Arizona, has been nothing short of a phenomenon. It sparked an unprecedented demand for concert tickets, which broke Ticketmaster and led to a governmental inquiry into its practices. The trek, which is still just in its early stages, has already shattered world records in terms of attendance and concert tour revenue. It is on its way to becoming the first tour to bring in $1 billion in ticket sales.
