TITLE: Taylor Swift's '1989 (Taylor's Version)' Has Sold One Million Copies In Less Than A Week

DESCRIPTION:
Taylor Swift's 1989 (Taylor's Version) has already claimed the title of 2023's biggest sales week, a feat it managed in less than a full seven days.

CONTENT:
GLENDALE, ARIZONA - MARCH 18: Editorial use only and no commercial use at any time.  No use on ... [+] publication covers is permitted after August 9, 2023. Taylor Swift performs onstage during "Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour" at State Farm Stadium on March 18, 2023 in Swift City, ERAzona (Glendale, Arizona). The city of Glendale, Arizona was ceremonially renamed to Swift City for March 17-18 in honor of The Eras Tour. (Photo by John Shearer/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management )
In a monumental achievement—another one, that is—Taylor Swift's 1989 (Taylor's Version) has proved its immense instant popularity by selling over one million copies in the United States within the first five days of its release. The news was shared by Billboard with data provided by Luminate, the company tasked with tracking music consumption figures in America that feed the Billboard charts.
1989 (Taylor's Version) has already claimed the title of 2023's biggest sales week, a feat it managed in less than a full seven days. After only a few days, it is also one of the most successful releases of the year.
The title has also exceeded the initial sales figures of Swift's previous release—significantly, in fact. Her most recent re-recording, Speak Now (Taylor's Version), debuted with 507,000 copies sold this summer. The remarkable success of 1989 (Taylor's Version) places it in a league of its own, and it boasts the most substantial sales week for any album since the debut week of Swift's own Midnights, her last album of all original material. That project opened with a remarkable 1.14 million copies sold last October.
With the confirmation of over one million copies already sold, it is all but certain that 1989 (Taylor's Version) will open in the coveted No. 1 spot on the Billboard 200 chart in the coming week. This impressive feat will make the project Swift's thirteenth No. 1 on the Billboard 200, the weekly ranking of the most-consumed albums and EPs in the U.S.
As 1989 (Taylor's Version) is set to claim its rightful place at the pinnacle of the Billboard 200, it will also see Swift once again tie with Drake when it comes to the total number of leaders they’ve landed on the tally. The two were tied until recently, when the rapper's For All The Dogs opened at the top of the ranking.
This monumental achievement will also reposition Swift as the artist with the third-most No. 1 albums of all time on the Billboard 200. Only The Beatles, with 19, and Jay-Z, with 14, continue to surpass her...at least for now.
1989 (Taylor's Version) still has one full day in which to continue to rack up sales and streams before its debut tracking frame is over. While it has already sold one million copies, it will likely open atop the Billboard 200 with a much larger sum, perhaps several hundreds thousand units higher once all sales and streams are factored in.
