TITLE: What Happened To Taylor Swift’s Other Movie?

DESCRIPTION:
In December 2022, it was revealed that Taylor Swift had written an original script for a narrative full-length feature.

CONTENT:
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA - NOVEMBER 20: (EDITORIAL USE ONLY) Taylor Swift, winner of Favorite Pop ... [+] Album, Favorite Female Pop Artist, Favorite Music Video, Favorite Country Album, Favorite Female Country Artist, and Artist of the Year, poses in the press room at the 2022 American Music Awards at Microsoft Theater on November 20, 2022 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Sarah Morris/FilmMagic)
Later this week, Taylor Swift will officially descend onto theaters around the world with her concert movie, Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour. The film is apparently a showing of a date (or more likely, several) on her The Eras Tour, which is on its way to becoming the highest-grossing trek of all time. Everyone is focused on this exciting new project from the superstar, but not much has been heard about another movie she’s attached to–one that was supposed to see her trying out some new skills.
In December 2022, it was revealed that Swift had written an original script for a narrative full-length feature, the first of her career. The singer had reportedly signed with Searchlight Pictures to work on her movie, which is a good partner, as the company has been behind some major critical darlings, like Best Picture winners The Shape of Water and Nomadland.
Swift reportedly not only wrote the movie, the title of which was never shared publicly, but she aims to direct it as well. The superstar has spent years directing her own music videos to much success and acclaim, and she is looking to have her talents in that department taken seriously in another field.
It was major news when this story broke in late 2022, but in the months since then, nothing has been heard about this project. Swift has been incredibly busy throughout 2023, as she’s been traveling the country (and then parts of Central America) on her The Eras Tour. The trek has been immensely popular and a commercial juggernaut, and she has dates lined up into next November.
On top of her historic tour, Swift has also released a re-recorded album, Speak Now (Taylor’s Version), which included a new music video and which went to No. 1 on the Billboard 200 albums chart. As if that wasn’t enough music for fans, she has another one coming at the end of the month, 1989 (Taylor’s Version).
It’s unclear if Swift has found time in between tour dates and studio sessions to work on her movie. She likely has to do a lot of rewrites on her script, which are common in the movie industry. Even if it was 100% finished, a director needs to set aside a lot of time for meetings, calls, casting, and more–all the things associated with making a film. It seems impossible that she’s been able to do much of that work in 2023, as she’s simply been too busy.
So far, it appears that no updates have been given about this Swift movie. Whether that’s because all the work is actually happening behind the scenes, or perhaps because nothing has changed in the past several months, is unclear. It’s interesting that as the promise of her own movie seems to fade further and further into the past, the Grammy winner is about to dominate the global box office.
