TITLE: Taylor Swift sets single-day streaming record on Spotify thanks to re-recorded '1989'

DESCRIPTION:
"Taylor's Version" of the singer-songwriter's 2014 album is the most-streamed album of the year one day after its release.

CONTENT:
Taylor Swift keeps making pop music history.
Friday, Spotify announced in a post on X that Swift’s newly released re-recording of “1989” — called “Taylor’s Version” — became the most streamed album in a single day so far this year. Swift also set a single-day record for streams by an artist on the 15-year-old music streaming platform.
The Republic Records release is a new edition of the 2014 LP, which includes Swift’s signature hit “Shake It Off.” The original sold 9 million copies in the U.S. and earned a Grammy for album of the year. 
The new version has 13 songs from the original plus five previously unreleased tracks. 
 Music 
Scooter Braun flipped his ownership of Taylor Swift’s master recordings to private equity firm Shamrock Capital. Swift still plans to re-record her old songs.
Nov. 16, 2020
Swift has been rerecording her early albums since 2021, following the sale of her previous label, Big Machine Records, to music manager Scooter Braun. 
The acquisition gave Braun the rights to Swift’s masters, enabling him to profit by licensing them for use on TV shows, commercials and movies. 
Swift, who tried unsuccessfully to buy the masters, was unhappy with the deal and alleged Braun had bullied her through client Justin Bieber and former client Kanye West and their social media posts, and through leaks of sensitive information. Braun was also West’s manager when the hip-hop star released a video for the track “Famous” that showed a wax figure depicting a naked Swift.
Inside the business of entertainment
The Wide Shot brings you news, analysis and insights on everything from streaming wars to production — and what it all means for the future.
 You may occasionally receive promotional content from the Los Angeles Times.
Follow Us
Stephen Battaglio writes about television and the media business for the Los Angeles Times out of New York. His coverage of the television industry has appeared in TV Guide, the New York Daily News, the New York Times, Fortune, the Hollywood Reporter, Inside.com and Adweek. He is also the author of three books about television, including a biography of pioneer talk show host and producer David Susskind.
 Company Town 
Nov. 21, 2023
 Company Town 
Nov. 21, 2023
 Music 
Nov. 21, 2023
 Company Town 
Nov. 20, 2023