TITLE: Chiefs' Travis Kelce addresses if Taylor Swift is a distraction

DESCRIPTION:
All-Pro tight end Travis Kelce insists his relationship with entertainment superstar Taylor Swift isn't a distraction as the 3-1 Kansas City Chiefs prepare to play at the 1-3 Minnesota Vikings this Sunday. 

CONTENT:
All-Pro tight end Travis Kelce insists his relationship with entertainment superstar Taylor Swift isn't a distraction as the 3-1 Kansas City Chiefs prepare to play at the 1-3 Minnesota Vikings this Sunday. 
"I've always been pretty good about compartmentalizing and being able to stay focused in this building,'' Kelce explained after Friday's practice, as shared by Adam Teicher of ESPN. "I think it's always been that for me. No matter what's going on in my life, good or bad, I think this is one place I can get away and just being locked in and focused and always check myself and my ego at the door and make sure that I come in with a clear mind.''
Swift watched Kansas City's 41-10 thrashing of the Chicago Bears on Sept. 24 from Kelce’s suite at GEHA Field at Arrowhead Stadium. More recently, she was at MetLife Stadium last Sunday when the Chiefs defeated the New York Jets 23-20. 
Kelce admitted earlier this week he thinks the NFL is "overdoing it a bit for sure" as it pertains to the league mentioning Swift on social media and showing her handfuls of times during Kansas City games. TMZ Sports noted on Wednesday that it's unclear if Swift plans to attend this Sunday's matchup between the Chiefs and Vikings at U.S. Bank Stadium. 
"I know I brought this to myself," Kelce added about what he's experienced since the two were first spotted together after the Chicago game. "I've been fortunate enough to have fun with it and that's where all that really matters is that it's not (ticking) anybody off, over here at least.''
As of Friday afternoon, OddsChecker listed the Chiefs as 3.5-point favorites to earn a road win this Sunday. One wonders how, if at all, the line will change if it's learned before kickoff that Swift is attending her third consecutive Kansas City game. 
More must-reads:
Get the latest news and rumors, customized to your favorite sports and teams. Emailed daily. Always free!