TITLE: Taylor Swift’s The Eras Tour Concert Film Appears To Be Ineligible For An Oscar Nomination

DESCRIPTION:
Some fans were hoping that the singer's new movie might earn her an Oscar nomination, but it seems like that's not going to happen.

CONTENT:
CINCINNATI, OHIO - JUNE 30: EDITORIAL USE ONLY  Taylor Swift performs onstage during "Taylor Swift | ... [+] The Eras Tour " at Paycor Stadium on June 30, 2023 in Cincinnati, Ohio. (Photo by Taylor Hill/TAS23/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management )
In a little over a month, Taylor Swift will dominate movie theaters across the U.S. with her upcoming concert film, Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour. The movie is essentially a shot-for-shot remake of her current global trek, The Eras Tour, which is on its way to making history.
The title is already one of the most highly-anticipated projects coming to theaters in the second half of 2023, but fans shouldn’t count on seeing it at the upcoming Academy Awards.
From the moment Swift announced Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour on August 31, fans began speculating as to whether or not it would earn the singer an Oscar nomination. Many suggested online that since it was being released in theaters, it was eligible, with some opining that it might end up in the running in the Best Documentary Feature field...but it turns out that competing for the biggest prize in the movie world isn’t quite so easy.
According to the rules set down by Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS), the organization that hands out the Oscars each year (and pointed out by The Wrap), Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour already appears to be ineligible for at least most of the awards given out.
One section of the guidelines the focuses on what can be entered for contention and what can’t stipulates that, “Works that are essentially promotional or instructional are not eligible, nor are works that are essentially unfiltered records of performances.” This makes it pretty clear that Swift won’t be winning any gold for this film, at least not in most categories.
It’s been well-known that Swift has been working toward an Oscar nomination for many years. She’s appeared in films, though never earned enough praise to be seriously in the running for an acting prize. In 2022, she hit the ground running to shake hands and meet voters in an attempt to snag a nomination for her music video All Too Well: The Short Film, which she directed. She was hoping to land in the Best Live Action Short Film category, but she didn’t end up a nominee.
Swift has also been attempting to collect a Best Original Song Oscar nomination for quite some time, but somehow, she has failed to do so. She has been up for the same prize at the Golden Globes on four separate occasions, but none of those nods have translated to the Academy Awards. The superstar is already a 12-time Grammy winner and 46-time nominee, and she’s also won an Emmy.
While Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour won’t earn Taylor Swift an Oscar nomination—or at least that’s how it seems—it’s sure to make her an even richer woman. The movie reportedly brought in at least $26 million in ticket sales on the first day of pre-sales, and it’s just getting started. Some in the film industry are suggesting that the title could bring in somewhere between $100 and $150 million, and the predictions only go up from there.
