TITLE: Eras Tour Expands (Again): Taylor Swift Adds 15 North American Stops To The 2024 Leg Of Her Tour

DESCRIPTION:
Taylor Swift will now have tour stops in Toronto and New Orleans, as well as other U.S. cities.

CONTENT:
Pop star Taylor Swift announced Thursday she’s adding another 15 North American stops on her highly sought-after Eras tour next fall, as the incredibly profitable tour reaches nearly 150 shows worldwide.
Taylor Swift will now have tour stops in Toronto and New Orleans, as well as other U.S. cities. 
Swift announced the new stops in a social media post Thursday, saying, “turns out it’s NOT the end of an era.”
The new stops include three shows in Miami, three shows in New Orleans, three shows in Indianapolis and six shows in Toronto—all from October to the end of November 2024.
Swift also announced Gracie Abrams will open for her at all 15 shows.
$1.4 billion. That’s how much Pollstar, a trade publication for the touring industry, estimates the Eras tour could gross by the time it ends in 2024. That estimation was made in June, before Swift added 14 European stops and before Swift’s Thursday announcement.
Swift is currently making her way across the U.S. with 52 shows across the country. Many fans paid thousands of dollars buying tickets on the resale market to see Swift perform songs from her entire discography for the first time in years. Getting fans to Swift’s U.S. performances so far in her tour hasn’t been without its bumps. Swift made headlines in November, after Ticketmaster’s website crashed during the pre-sale ticket drop for the Eras tour. Ticketmaster temporarily suspended sales after fans waited for hours and tickets were oversold. The crash led to a public back-and-forth between Swift and Ticketmaster. Because of the high ticket prices and difficulty getting tickets, many U.S. fans have looked into traveling abroad to see Swift as some countries have laws that prevent ticket resales from reaching the levels they have in the U.S.
We estimate Swift’s net worth to be $740 million as of June 1. She ranks 34th on Forbes’ list of America’s Self-Made Women.
Taylor Swift Adds 14 Shows To The Eras Tour In Europe, UK (Forbes)
Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour Tops Springsteen For Biggest 2023 Tour (Forbes)
Taylor Swift Adds Dozens Of Overseas Shows—Here’s Why Tickets Could Be A Lot Cheaper Than In The U.S. (Forbes)
How The Eras Tour Could Boost Taylor Swift's Net Worth (Forbes)
