TITLE: ‘Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour’ Debuts With Near Perfect Scores, Wild Audiences

DESCRIPTION:
Taylor Swift's Eras Tour movie is getting great reviews and generating extremely hyped audiences in the theaters.

CONTENT:
Taylor Swift
In terms of the scale and enthusiasm of her fanbase, it sure seems like Taylor Swift is this generation’s Beatles (I’m not comparing their music, chill!). First, it was her record-setting Eras concert tour, now it’s…a movie based on that record-setting Eras concert tour, which has hit theaters this weekend.
Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour is scoring exceptionally well, a 100% rating on Rotten Tomatoes from critics, and a 99% from audiences, and I am pretty sure it was a flat 100% about a day ago. That’s higher than even Scorsese’s Killers of the Flower Moon at 95% (though again, not comparing quality). The point being, it’s wild to think that a reproduced concert experience is going to likely be one of the biggest movies of the year.
That said you…may not want to actually see it. Well, that depends who is reading this. Social media is abuzz with a bunch of videos showing Swifties scream-singing and dancing in the theater along with the music, which is getting roasted by snarky quote tweets.
I think that is kind of…stupid? I mean, how are you going to get a bunch of Taylor Swift fans in a concert movie together and expect them not to sing along with her songs along with a couple hundred of similarly-minded folks, most of whom are probably teens?
So, you have two choices, you can either go see the movie and understand that you have a very significant chance of being with this kind of crowd (and if you are this kind of crowd, go nuts), or you may just want to wait until you can watch/rent the movie at home. Sure, it’s a downgrade from a movie theater, which is itself a downgrade from the live concert (it genuinely was one of the best live shows I’ve ever seen), but it’s still going to be worth watching if you’re even a casual fan. Probably one who doesn’t want to spend $800 on a ticket or dance in the aisles with 18 year-olds.
I think it’s actually pretty cool to see a reaction to a concert movie like this? If I was a big fan, I feel like this would be a lot more fun than sitting around in silence watching her sing onscreen. Granted, we don’t really have this kind of situation happen often, as almost no other artists are big enough to have a wide-released theatrical concert experience like this. It reminds me of when I used to watch some WWE pay-per-views in theaters, and I mean, of course everyone was shouting and yelling during the action.
This is going to make a lot of money and it’s already well-liked by critics and fans. Just don’t get mad when you go yourself and vibe is concert-like.
Follow me on Twitter, Threads, YouTube, and Instagram.
Pick up my sci-fi novels the Herokiller series and The Earthborn Trilogy.
