TITLE: Taylor Swift’s ‘Cruel Summer’ Is One Space Shy Of Hitting No. 1…In Canada

DESCRIPTION:
“Cruel Summer” has now been held back from hitting No. 1 on the Canadian Hot 100 for two weeks by Doja Cat’s “Paint the Town Red.”

CONTENT:
INGLEWOOD, CALIFORNIA - AUGUST 09: EDITORIAL USE ONLY. Taylor Swift performs onstage during "Taylor ... [+] Swift | The Eras Tour" at SoFi Stadium on August 09, 2023 in Inglewood, California. (Photo by Kevin Winter/TAS23/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management)
Throughout summer 2023, Taylor Swift’s single “Cruel Summer” has been rising on charts all around the world. The singer and her team have been busy attempting to send it to No. 1 on rankings everywhere, but so far, the tune hasn’t quite made it to the top spot on most lists. Now, the throne is within reach in one of the top markets, but still, nothing is guaranteed for the smash.
This week, “Cruel Summer” sits at its No. 2 high on the Canadian Hot 100. The chart ranks the most-consumed songs in Canada by combining sales, streaming, and radio play data.
“Cruel Summer” has now been held back from hitting No. 1 on the Canadian Hot 100 for two weeks by Doja Cat’s “Paint the Town Red.” The singer and rapper’s latest global hit rose to the summit in the northern nation in just its fourth frame on the tally. It jumped from No. 6 to the top spot, leapfrogging over Swift’s hit, and it is still running the show.
Even before “Paint the Town Red,” Swift was sitting pretty in the runner-up rung. Morgan Wallen led the charge with his hit “Last Night” as recently as the chart dated September 2.
If “Cruel Summer” does eventually rise to No. 1, it will mark Swift’s milestone tenth leader on the Canadian Hot 100. Swift currently sits in fifth place when looking at the artists with the most leaders on the tally, placing one win behind Katy Perry. Should “Cruel Summer” make it one more space, she’ll officially claim the fourth-most No. 1 hits in history, tying with Perry.
In the coming weeks, Swift faces more tough competition from new singles and returning champions. In the next few frames, the No. 1 on the Canadian Hot 100 could go to Olivia Rodrigo, Drake, Wallen or perhaps Cat will hold onto the highest spot...or maybe Swift will finally get a turn in the spotlight.
