TITLE: Got Taylor Swift tickets? A helicopter company will fly you to the show for $2,499

DESCRIPTION:
Limousine companies say their service is the fanciest way to go to a concert. Helicopter company says, Hold my beer.

CONTENT:
You can drive your car or ride the bus or take the train to see Taylor Swift during her six-night stand at SoFi Stadium that kicks off Thursday, Aug. 3.
Feeling fancy? Fine, go ahead and rent a limo.
But if money really means nothing to you, well, you can take a Taylor Swift helicopter shuttle, just $2,499 for – let’s double check this, wow, OK – a one-way trip.
Ads for IEX Helicopters’ Eras Tour shuttles started popping up on Instagram recently, promising “the swiftest ride” to the shows, because nothing – not congressional hearings, not news stories, not advertisements – can mention Taylor Swift without making at least one (usually) bad Swift-related pun.
Here, we’ll show you how anyone can force a Swift reference into an otherwise ordinary news story:
The shuttles are available from any airport in Los Angeles and Orange County. Just as Taylor sang, “Flew me to places I’d never been,” in her hit “I Knew You Were Trouble,” your helicopter pilot will do the same, dropping you off at Hawthorne Airport three miles south of SoFi.
Sorry, but you asked. Didn’t you?
You do get to bring six or seven people on the flight, and the price includes a $250 car-service voucher for the ride from Hawthorne Airport up Crenshaw Boulevard to SoFi.
As for the one-way pricing of the shuttles, Ben Villalobos of IEX Helicopters said that mostly allows flexibility in flyers’ plans. Though if you do want to helicopter home from the show that’s fine too – it’s just an additional $2,499 for the return flight.
“Quite a lot of guests like to fly one way to the venue and then book an SUV through us for their return journey, as they may like to spend some time in L.A. after the show at one of the many great evening time venues,” he said in an email to answer a few questions about the shuttles.
IEX Helicopters has been flying passengers from the greater Los Angeles area to the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival in Indio for a few years now, Villalobos said. About 200 people each year take that 45-minute helicopter ride to the desert for the festival, he said.
Earlier this year, IEX also added a shuttle service to Day Trip, the electronic dance music festival by the Queen Mary in Long Beach, Villalobos said.
By Tuesday afternoon, IEX had nine inquiries from customers seeking helicopter shuttle rides, Villalobos said. As the six-night stand of Swift shows begins, he says that number should go up.