TITLE: Seven Years Before Travis Kelce Incident, ‘Bored’ Taylor Swift Dropped a Bombshell

DESCRIPTION:
Taylor Swift has done something that some of America&#8217;s former presidents may have failed to do. With her one appearance at the Arrowhead Stadium, the 12x Grammy winner managed to catch more people&#8217;s attention than the 59th quadrennial presidential election. However, seven years back, Taylor Swift had a rather different approach toward attention, at least&#8230;The post Seven Years Before Travis Kelce Incident, ‘Bored’ Taylor Swift Dropped a Bombshell appeared first on EssentiallySports.

CONTENT:
Follow Us
via Imago
Taylor Swift makes an appearance at the 2023 MTV VMA (L), A young fan asks
Travis Kelce to sign his 2022 Super Bowl winning Gloves (M), Kansas City Chiefs
quarterback Travis Kelce (R) | Image Rights: Imago
Taylor Swift has done something that some of America’s former presidents may have failed to do. With her one appearance at the Arrowhead Stadium, the 12x Grammy winner managed to catch more people’s attention than the 59th quadrennial presidential election. However, seven years back, Taylor Swift had a rather different approach toward attention, at least for a specific interview.
America’s Favorite Video Today
In the last game, Swift left an impact that was as explosive as the Ticketmaster site crash amid unprecedented demand for her Eras tour. The Chiefs recorded their highest jersey sales ever, and the NFL updated its bio to include “Taylor’s Version,” alongside the NFL page name. But again, one cannot ignore how she reacted to massive attention seven years back.
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
The doorbell rang and the door immediately opened, it was Taylor Swift on the other side. We are talking about the 2016 Vogue Interview that took place right before the year’s Grammy Award Ceremony. Vogue’s Joe Sabia reached out to Taylor’s place to shoot the quick 73-question interview, as she was busy with her Grammy preparations. Barely twenty seconds into it, Joe asked about the thing Taylor was bored of in life. She gave a one-word reply, “clickbait.”
“I Love Gossip”: Dave Portnoy and Co. Degrades Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce as
100 Million Swifties Mark Their Calendar
It was just days before the Grammy, and the media was all after Taylor. From her relationship with Calvin Harris to her obsession with cats, there was news about everything. The media did not miss to make content out of even her day-to-day lifestyle. And as one might expect, with news comes clickbait. A significant part of the content was for clickbait purposes, with the storyline missing the promised context by large margins. Gossip and rumors spread everywhere from social media to news outlets, often the details being irrelevant to the title. Seemingly, these did not go unnoticed by Taylor, inviting the quick answer.
November 21, 2023 09:49 pm EDT
November 21, 2023 05:23 pm EDT
November 14, 2023 09:26 pm EDT
November 22, 2023 08:00 pm EDT
November 23, 2023 09:24 pm EDT
Get instantly notified of the hottest NFL stories via Google! Click on Follow Us and Tap the Blue Star.
Follow Us
Amazing how things aren’t different after all these years. Time has brought us back to the same scenario.
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
Fast forwarding 7 years and 7 months, Taylor is back in the headlines. Actually, she has always been there, but this time with Travis Kelce. The singer’s sighting at the Chiefs game and the duo’s departure following it have completely broken the internet. The media have lost their dear night’s sleep overwhelmed with ‘contents.’ And we would imagine one or two ‘clickbaity’ articles have been passed around more often than not. All that effort just to make Taylor bored again.
via Imago
Syndication: The Enquirer Taylor Swift performers during the first night of the Cincinnati stop of the Eras Tour at Paycor Stadium in downtown Cincinnati, Ohio, USA | Image Rights: Imago
Sources are hinting the singer could be back at MetLife for the Chiefs’ next game against the Jets. And we promise that is not a clickbait. So better keep your eye on the television to be part of a potential record-breaking broadcast on Monday.
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
Watch This Story: “Scripted” – Travis Kelce Finally Reveals the Real Story That Transformed Into Taylor Swift’s Arrowhead Appearance
The Fan's Perspective
Enjoyed Your Read? Let us know how likely you are to recommend EssentiallySports to your friends!
1
2
3
4
5
Least Likely
Most Likely
Submit
ADVERTISEMENT
Written by:
Sagnik Ghosh
171Articles
One take at a time
Edited by:
Mallika Singh
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT