TITLE: Kayla Nicole: What to Know About Travis Kelce’s Ex Who Unfollowed Brittany Mahomes After Taylor Swift Outing

DESCRIPTION:
Before Taylor Swift sparked romance rumors with Travis Kelce, he was dating Kayla Nicole. Find out more about his now ex and what she's been up to since splitting from the NFL player.

CONTENT:

				Before Taylor Swift sparked romance rumors with Travis Kelce, he was dating Kayla Nicole. Find out more about his now ex and what she's been up to since splitting from the NFL player.			

Find Out


Kayla Nicole was once in the spotlight as Travis Kelce‘s girlfriend, but she’s now making headlines as his ex. The Kansas City Chiefs tight end is rumored to now be dating Taylor Swift, and she’s been spotted attending some of his games over the last few weeks. Before Taylor, Kayla was also a supportive girlfriend who would attend many of Travis’ games since the start of their romance, and she also publicly gushed over his success on Instagram.
Kayla recently got attention when she unfollowed her former friend Brittany Mahomes, who is Travis’ teammate Patrick Mahomes‘ wife, as well as Patrick’s brother, Jackson Mahomes, on Instagram. The action came just days after Taylor and Brittany were spotted having dinner with friends and on the same day they were spotted sitting together during the Chiefs game on October 1. Kayla has not publicly given a reason for the unfollows, but many suspect Travis’ alleged romance with the “Midnight Rain” crooner could have something to do with it.
Find out more about Kayla and her romantic history with Travis below.
Travis and Kayla first got together in May 2017. Throughout their relationship, they walked high-profile red carpets together, including the ESPY Awards and Nickelodeon Kids’ Choice Sports Awards. Kayla was also by Travis’ side when he celebrated his 2020 Super Bowl win at the Chiefs victory parade. However, by the beginning of August 2020, fans noticed the two had unfollowed each other on Instagram. Days later, Travis confirmed that he and Kayla had split. At the beginning of December 2020, Travis did a Q&A, and confirmed they had gotten back together when he referred to Kayla as his “girlfriend” during the chat. Days later, she posted a video of herself celebrating a Chiefs win on Instagram. Travis and Kayla ended their relationship for good in August 2022.
When Travis and Kayla broke up in August, there was speculation that the reason for the split was because he had cheated. However, he took to Twitter to deny allegations of infidelity, and there was no evidence that he had been unfaithful. “This is fake news…a lie,” Travis tweeted and subsequently deleted.. “And not why Kayla and I broke up. Take all your hatred somewhere else, please.”

A post shared by Kayla Nicole (@iamkaylanicole)

Kayla works as an on-camera host, while also dabbling in some modeling. She has reported for outlets including BET, NBA, HotNewHipHop and more. Additionally, she’s worked as a reporter for the Los Angeles Lakers and has interviewed various celebrities, as seen in her video reel.
The gorgeous gals were very close throughout the time Kayla was dating Travis. They regularly attended Chiefs games at Arrowhead Stadium together and posed for many photos together. Kayla also accompanied Brittany for her pre-wedding, including her bridal shower, before she tied the knot with Patrick in 2022. They went wedding dress shopping, and Kayla was one of the select few to come on her eight-person bachelorette weekend in February 2022.

A post shared by Kayla Nicole (@iamkaylanicole)

Kayla is also very into fitness and started her own fitness brand called Strong Is Sexy. She sometimes shares videos of her workouts to her YouTube and Instagram pages and says that the brand is meant to “refresh sexy from the inside out.” Kayla’s personal Instagram has more than 700,000 followers and her Strong Is Sexy page once had more than 50,000. She started Strong Is Sexy in 2020, but it’s unclear if she’s still actively involved with it.
As of now, it appears that the sports journalist isn’t romantically linked with anyone. Since she is enjoying the single life, Kayla uses her platform to promote positivity.


					Travis Kelce & Kayla Nicole: Photos Of The Exes				
