TITLE: Taylor Swift For President? An Ex-Trump Staffer Says The Singer Could Win

DESCRIPTION:
The conversation about public figures like Swift and NFL player Travis Kelce eventually turned to politics, where Griffin humorously proposed that Swift should enter t...

CONTENT:
MEXICO CITY, MEXICO - AUGUST 24: EDITORIAL USE ONLY. Taylor Swift performs onstage during the ... [+] "Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour" at Foro Sol on August 24, 2023 in Mexico City, Mexico. (Photo by Hector Vivas/TAS23/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management)
Taylor Swift conquers pretty much everything she sets her mind to. She’s the biggest star in music, and with her forthcoming concert film Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour, she’s set to dominate the box office as well. After coming out on top in both of those industries, what’s left for her to do?
What about the White House?
The View co-host Alyssa Farah Griffin recently suggested that if Swift were to run for president, she could potentially have a shot at the job...or at least beat one of the top candidates in the race. “To be honest, if Donald Trump looks like he’s gonna win, she’s just gonna need to get in the race and defeat him once and for all, because she’s probably the only person who can!,” Griffin stated during an episode of The View: Behind the Table, a podcast hosted by the TV show’s executive producer that’s an offshoot of the main program.
Griffin added, simply, “This ends in one way; we are all Taylor Swift fans.”
The TV host previously served in the Trump administration as a communications director. She was in support of the then-president until he refused to concede after he lost the 2020 election. She would later go on to disavow her former boss after the January 6 insurrection at The Capitol.
Swift is certainly popular enough to go after anything she wants, but is she well liked enough to actually make a play for the highest office in the land? According to a recent political poll conducted by Emerson College, the idea of Swift running as a third-party candidate wasn’t too well-received. That poll deduced that those who took part preferred Trump, favoring him at 42% over Biden, who received a 39% share. 10% of those involved were undecided, while the singer only managed to claim 8%.
When asked simply how they viewed Swift, 43% of those who were a part of the poll said they saw her favorably, 38% said they were neutral, and 19% viewed her unfavorably.
Hypothetical presidential matchups, like the one involving Swift mentioned by Emerson College in its poll, often serve as interesting discussion points, but the likelihood of Swift running for president remains highly unlikely.
