TITLE: NFL Set for Kelce Classic as Taylor Swift Marks Her Calendar While Aaron Rodgers Keeps Fans Guessing

DESCRIPTION:
The NFL season is full up and running. So is Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce&#8217;s &#8216;love story&#8217;. If the sources are to be believed, Taylor can make another appearance next Monday as the Chiefs visit MetLife to take on the New York Jets. The two teams are in different worlds at the moment. While the&#8230;The post NFL Set for Kelce Classic as Taylor Swift Marks Her Calendar While Aaron Rodgers Keeps Fans Guessing appeared first on EssentiallySports.

CONTENT:
Follow Us
via Imago
Pop singer Taylor Swift (L), New York Jets quarterback Aaron Rodgers (M), Kansas
City Chiefs quarterback Travis Kelce (R) | Image Rights: Imago
The NFL season is full up and running. So is Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce’s ‘love story’. If the sources are to be believed, Taylor can make another appearance next Monday as the Chiefs visit MetLife to take on the New York Jets. The two teams are in different worlds at the moment. While the Chiefs are on a mission to title defense, for Jets saving the season is the biggest concern. With multiple thousands of Swifties cheering for Travis and the Chiefs, it would be a mental battle for the Yorkers.
America’s Favorite Video Today
But to make things interesting, Taylor Swift is not the only one looking to make a guest appearance. The Jets’ injured QB, Aaron Rodgers has kept the fans at bay after being spotted first time with the crutches since injury.
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
After breaking a couple of records in just one appearance, Taylor could potentially return to extend them. NFL Inside source Jordan Schultz has hinted at a potential return for the singer. The last time she was in the game, Travis had a field day against the Bears with seven catches for 69 yards and a touchdown. Already struggling with defensive issues, a motivated Travis could be too much to handle for the Jets.
Lewis Hamilton & Co. Swept by Travis Kelce-Taylor Swift Wave as Mercedes Admin
Does the Funniest Thing
But it will not be so easy for Travis either. Although the Jets are struggling with both offense and defense after two losses, they have one trick in the pocket for the Chiefs’ quarterback. The Jets’ cornerback Sauce Gardner, known for his physical and fast counterplays, will be coming up against Travis. The stubborn Yorker was voted the league’s best cornerback last year, and will at least try to leave his mark on Travis even if he can’t leave a mark on the game.
November 21, 2023 09:49 pm EDT
November 21, 2023 05:23 pm EDT
November 14, 2023 09:26 pm EDT
November 22, 2023 08:00 pm EDT
November 23, 2023 09:24 pm EDT
Get instantly notified of the hottest NFL stories via Google! Click on Follow Us and Tap the Blue Star.
Follow Us
 
 
A post shared by NFL (@nfl)

Meanwhile, Aaron Rodgers has made his own attempt to divert the headlines from Taylor-Travis a little bit. He was spotted in public for the first time since his injury, and rumors are already flying over his possible presence.
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
The Chiefs have heavily missed the veteran quarterback. They are nearly out of playoff contention after two disappointing losses. Although the 4x NFL MVP physically can’t help with the offense, his presence can be a big mental and emotional boost for the Jets. After Rodgers was seen in public with the crutches, it won’t be a surprise if he makes an appearance at MetLife to support the Jets. That would be a big counter to the Swifties and will give the Jets fans some breathing space in the crowd.
With stars all over the field and even bigger stars in the stands, this could be a record-breaking game in all sense. Hopefully, the game doesn’t break the already struggling Jets, as one more loss effectively means the season is over for them. The task, however, won’t be easy as the defending champions are moving on full steam.
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
Who will have the ultimate say between Patrick Mahomes and Zach Wilson on Sunday? Let us know in the comments.
Watch This Story: NFL Star’s 3-Year-Old Daughter Shares Funny Insights, Calls Uncle Travis Kelce Naughty and Sneaky
The Fan's Perspective
Enjoyed Your Read? Let us know how likely you are to recommend EssentiallySports to your friends!
1
2
3
4
5
Least Likely
Most Likely
Submit
ADVERTISEMENT
Written by:
Sagnik Ghosh
171Articles
One take at a time
Edited by:
Ananya Giri
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT