TITLE: Taylor Swift Ties Whitney Houston With Her Latest No. 1 Single

DESCRIPTION:
Taylor Swift's new single "Is It Over Yet?" marks her eleventh song to hit No. 1 on the Hot 100—the fourth most among all solo female artists.

CONTENT:
NASHVILLE, TENNESSEE - SEPTEMBER 20: NSAI Songwriter-Artist of the Decade honoree, Taylor Swift ... [+] performs onstage during NSAI 2022 Nashville Songwriter Awards at Ryman Auditorium on September 20, 2022 in Nashville, Tennessee. (Photo by Terry Wyatt/Getty Images)
Taylor Swift rules the Hot 100 this week with her new single "Is It Over Yet?" The tune debuts atop the ranking of the most-consumed songs in America, taking over from another one of the singer's smashes, "Cruel Summer," which had led the chart for two frames prior. With another leader to her name, Swift advances again on the list of the most successful female artists of all time.
"Is It Over Yet?" marks Swift's eleventh No. 1 hit on the Hot 100. She is now tied with Whitney Houston for the fourth-most leaders among solo female artists when looking at who has landed the most chart-toppers. Last week, before "Is It Over Yet?" arrived, Swift was on the same level as Janet Jackson. Now, she's passed that superstar, likely for good.
Ahead of Swift, when looking only at solo female superstars, are three other women. Mariah Carey claims the most No. 1 hits ever among females, with 19. She's followed by Rihanna, with 14, and Madonna, with 12. Including all women, The Supremes also landed a dozen winners during their time together.
When all artists are included in this roundup, the ranking changes, but Swift is still climbing. The Beatles have charted the most No. 1 hits in U.S. history, with 20. Drake and Michael Jackson are tied with 13 each, and of course, all the aforementioned women rank above her for the moment.
"Is It Over Yet?" marks Swift's third No. 1 hit of 2023. She saw her 2022 smash "Anti-Hero" return to the highest space on the Hot 100 early in the year. After weeks of trying, she pushed "Cruel Summer" to the top spot four years after it was first released.
The new No. 1 on the Hot 100 is featured on Swift’s just-released album 1989 (Taylor’s Version). That set, a re-recorded edition of the original 1989, also opens at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 with the largest sum of her career.
