TITLE: Taylor Swift Breaks The Record For The Most Song Of The Year Grammy Nominations

DESCRIPTION:
"Anti-Hero" gives Taylor Swift her seventh Song of the Year Grammy nomination, which breaks her tie with Paul McCartney and Lionel Richie for the most ever.

CONTENT:
NEWARK, NEW JERSEY - AUGUST 26: Taylor Swift attends the 2019 MTV Video Music Awards at Prudential ... [+] Center on August 26, 2019 in Newark, New Jersey. (Photo by Jamie McCarthy/Getty Images for MTV)
Taylor Swift is one of the most successful songwriters of all time, and she has the data to back that claim up. Not only has she penned dozens of chart hits and shifted more than 100 hundred million singles, she's also racked up an impressive number of Grammy nods as a songwriter.
Now, she's broken the all-time record for the most nominations for any person in the Song of the Year category.
"Anti-Hero" brings Swift back to the Song of the Year category, which she has come to know very well. The singer's recent Hot 100 No. 1 single is a potential winner at the forthcoming ceremony, according to the Recording Academy, which has been unveiling nominees this morning.
Swift has now been nominated for Song of the Year seven times — a new record among songwriters. Before "Anti-Hero" collected its nod just moments ago, the singer was tied with two other superstars for the most chances to win this coveted honor.
With her seventh Song of the Year nomination, Swift breaks her tie with fellow legends Paul McCartney and Lionel Richie. Both of those men have thus far snagged half a dozen nods in this field, but there's something that separates them from Swift: a win.
While she may now rank as the most-nominated songwriter in Song of the Year history, Swift has yet to actually take home this prize. She could make up for that in 2024, as "Anti-Hero" is a very likely winner, though nothing is certain until the winner's name is called out live.
Swift earned her first Song of the Year nomination in 2010 for "You Belong With Me." She waited half a decade to return, and then collected back-to-back nods with both "Shake It Off" and "Blank Space" from her album 1989. The chart-topper earned two consecutive chances to win again in 2020 and 2021 with "Lover" and "Cardigan" from her full-lengths Lover and Folklore, respectively. She was in the running last Grammys with "All Too Well (10 Minute Version) (The Short Film)," but lost to Bonnie Raitt's "Just Like That."
"Anti-Hero" is nominated alongside fellow Hot 100 smashes like Miley Cyrus' "Flowers," SZA's "Kill Bill," Olivia Rodrigo's "Vampire," Dua Lipa's "Dance the Night," and Billie Eilish's "What Was I Made For?" Some tunes that weren't as commercially successful, such as Jon Batiste's "Butterfly" and Lana Del Rey's "A&W," are also in the running.
