TITLE: Taylor Swift’s ‘Karma’ May Soon Help Her Tie Lady Gaga And Ariana Grande

DESCRIPTION:
Taylor Swift is bound to be one of the most-nominated artists at the 2024 Grammys, but "Karma" may help her make history.

CONTENT:
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA - FEBRUARY 05: Taylor Swift attends the 65th GRAMMY Awards on February 05, ... [+] 2023 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Matt Winkelmeyer/Getty Images for The Recording Academy)
Taylor Swift is bound to be one of the most-nominated artists at the 2024 Grammys. She may very well earn more nods than anyone else this time around, though nothing is certain until the list of potential winners is called out in a few months. The singer has a lot of music eligible, and she could compete in more than a dozen categories. If she ends up in one specific field, she will make history and earn another shot at finally winning the vertical.
This time around, Swift is eligible in the Best Pop Duo/Group Performance with perhaps a few tracks, but the most likely nominee of the bunch appears to be “Karma.” Swift re-released the Midnights song as a single in mid-2022, turning it from a solo endeavor into a joint affair. Rapper Ice Spice joined her on the reworking, and the pair sent it up the Hot 100, where it peaked at No. 2.
Swift will likely submit “Karma” for the Best Pop Duo/Group Performance Grammy category, as it seems like the biggest hit that’s a fit for that field. If the two earn a nomination in that field, it will mark Spice’s first, as she’s never been up for an award before, though she may also be one of the top nominees this year. Unlike her duet partner, Swift has been here before. In fact, “Karma” will mark her third time competing, if she ends up in the running.
If Swift returns to the Best Pop Duo/Group Performance vertical again, she will tie with three other women for the most nominations in the field. A third nod will put her on the same level as Ariana Grande, Christina Aguilera, and Lady Gaga. Assuming none of them snag another chance at gold this go-around, all three females will be tied with several other men for the third-most nods in the category. They all (minus Swift) currently come in behind only Coldplay, with five, and Maroon 5, with four.
Swift may have already been up for the Best Pop Duo/Group Performance twice, but she has yet to win the award. She first appeared in the category with Kendrick Lamar on “Bad Blood” which lost to Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars’s “Uptown Funk.” A few years later, she was joined by Bon Iver on “Exile” which also competed, but that year the prize went to Gaga and Grande’s “Rain on Me.” In fact, of the three women Swift may soon tie, she’s the only one to never claim this grouping, though her total count of Grammys is now into the double digits, so she’s won plenty of gold already.
Eligibility for the 2024 Grammys ends in about a month, in mid-September. Nominees are expected to be revealed in November, with the ceremony taking place in early 2024.
