TITLE: Taylor Swift Ties Bad Bunny As She Claims The No. 1 Song In The World

DESCRIPTION:
Taylor Swift's "Is It Over Now?" is the biggest song in the world, and this week doesn't mark the first time she's hit No. 1 on the Billboard Global 200.

CONTENT:
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA - OCTOBER 11: Taylor Swift attends "Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour" Concert ... [+] Movie World Premiere at AMC The Grove 14 on October 11, 2023 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Matt Winkelmeyer/Getty Images)
Taylor Swift charts the most popular song in the world–a feat she’s managed before, several times, in fact. As her latest single instantly becomes the most successful track on the planet, the singer ties with another one of the most beloved names in music and advances again on the ranking of the top-charting acts globally.
“Is It Over Now?” marks Swift’s fourth No. 1 hit on the Billboard Global 200, Billboard’s weekly ranking of the most-consumed songs in the world. The tally, introduced a few years ago, combines sales and streams to show what the masses everywhere are listening to.
With a fourth No. 1 on the Billboard Global 200 to her credit, Swift ties with Bad Bunny for the most leaders among soloists. Swift now also claims the most No. 1 worldwide smashes among women.
Before this week, Swift was tied for the third-most No. 1 songs among all acts on the Billboard Global 200 with two other musicians. Now, she’s broken that tie with both Drake and Olivia Rodrigo, who are both steady with their trio of champions.
Currently, Swift and Bunny rank in second place among all acts when looking at who has collected the most No. 1s on the Billboard Global 200. The two superstars sit behind only BTS, but they’re not close to matching the South Korean powerhouses. BTS has charted seven leaders on the tally.
Swift first ruled the Billboard Global 200 in 2021 when her single “All Too Well (Taylor’s Version)” climbed to the summit. She returned to the throne in 2022 when “Anti-Hero” debuted in first place. She’s doubled her total count of rulers in 2023, as both “Cruel Summer” and “Is It Over Now?” have taken turns running the show.
