TITLE: Can The FTC Successfully Sue A Brand That’s Better Loved Than Taylor Swift?

DESCRIPTION:
Amazon is the #1 most loved retailer in America, stronger than 99.95% of all brands, according to new research. Will its popularity sway the FTC antitrust lawsuit?

CONTENT:
Taylor Swift performs on stage in Nashville, Tennessee, back in 2009.  (Photo by Kevin ... [+] Mazur/WireImage)
Taylor Swift may be America’s favorite artist, and a pop phenomenon who has built a significant personal brand, but in a head-to-head brand battle with Amazon
AMZN
, the online retailer wins. That’s according to the latest research from WPP BrandAsset Valuator (BAV)*, the “largest, most comprehensive brand analytics platform in the world”. The result is indicative of America’s love affair with Amazon. So the question is: can consumer fandom for the brand influence the current FTC lawsuit, which claims Amazon wields monopolistic power?
Let’s first consider the BAV data:


Amazon’s brand power grew strongly through the pandemic. Back in 2019, Amazon didn’t make the cut of BAV’s Most Loved retailers. By 2020 though, the brand had vaulted over the likes of Walmart, Home Depot and Target
TGT
 to claim the #1 position.
So will Amazon’s popularity make FTC chairperson Lina Khan’s case more difficult? In her Yale Law Review Paper on “Amazon’s Antitrust Paradox” back in 2017, Khan admits that “customers...universally seem to love the company.” But that was also true of Standard Oil in the first big U.S. antitrust suit back in the early 1900’s. As a history of Standard Oil stated: “Competitors disliked the company’s business practices, but consumers liked the lower prices.” That didn’t stop the U.S. Justice Department ordering the break up of Standard Oil in 1911.
The outcome of the Amazon case won’t come down to a popularity contest. But in the words of Taylor Swift, the strength of the brand just might help Amazon “Shake It Off”.
*Jon Bird works for VMLY&R, which is part of WPP, the world’s largest marketing communications group.
