TITLE: Taylor Swift Matches One Of BTS’s Most Impressive Chart Feats

DESCRIPTION:
Taylor Swift and BTS are the only musical acts to hit No. 1 on the Hot 100, then replace themselves with another single...then see that first win return to the summit.

CONTENT:
PARK CITY, UTAH - JANUARY 23: Taylor Swift attends the Netflix premiere of Miss Americana at ... [+] Sundance Film Festival on January 23, 2020 in Park City, Utah. (Photo by Kevin Mazur/Getty Images for Netfilx)
Taylor Swift has now dominated the Hot 100 for an entire month. That’s impressive enough as it is, but her accomplishment is made even more astounding considering the fact that she’s managed the feat with two different singles, which have taken turns running the show. Now, as she swaps one cut for another, the singer matches a showing only managed by the biggest K-pop group in the world.
“Cruel Summer” is back at No. 1 on the Hot 100 this week. The smash returns to the summit for a third nonconsecutive frame atop the ranking of the most-consumed songs in the U.S. It takes over from “Is It Over Now? (Taylor’s Version) [From The Vault],” which debuted in first place last week as her new album 1989 (Taylor’s Version) opened atop the Billboard 200.
Swift is now just the second artist in history to hit No. 1 on the Hot 100, replace themselves with another song…and then do so again—all without anyone else stepping in and ruling in between those wins. Basically, she has now replaced herself atop the tally twice in a row, with one of her own singles interrupting the successful run of another.
The first artist to manage this very specific feat was BTS. The South Korean pop band accomplished the rare showing in 2021. They first sat at No. 1 on the Hot 100 with “Butter,” which ruled for seven weeks. The septet then traded that winner for another, as “Permission to Dance” debuted atop the chart. Then, after just one frame in charge, that cut stepped down, allowing “Butter” to return to its former glory.
“Cruel Summer” became Swift’s milestone tenth No. 1 on the Hot 100 a month ago. It rose to the peak position more than four years after it was first released on her album Lover. Just as it was finally enjoying its time in the spotlight, she collected her eleventh leader on the chart with the quick win “Is It Over Now?,” which this week falls to No. 3.
