TITLE: What is the Taylor Swift bracelet trend - and why are people sporting the jewellery at the Women's World Cup?

DESCRIPTION:
Taylor Swift's bracelet trend has been sported by high-profile celebrities such as Gigi Hadid and Jennifer Garner, and has now debuted at the Women's World Cup in Australia

CONTENT:
By Jowena Riley and Maria Okanrende For Mailonline 
 Published:  03:43 EST, 9 August 2023   |  Updated:  09:31 EST, 9 August 2023   

 45
View  comments

‘Swifties’ - the nickname for Taylor Swift's millions of supporters - have experienced anything but a 'Cruel Summer' since the superstar embarked on her highly anticipated World tour since mid-March. 
And now the 'Anti-Hero' singer's supporters have popularised a wholesome element from her current shows - the friendship bracelet exchange.
The bracelets have been sported by high-profile celebrities such as Channing Tatum, Gigi Hadid and Jennifer Garner - and the trend has even made its own debut at the Women's World Cup. 
Here FEMAIL reveals the madness behind the Taylor Swift bracelet trend... 
Taylor Swift's bracelet trend has been sported by high-profile celebrities such as Gigi Hadid and Jennifer Garner, and has now debuted at the Women's World Cup in Australia (Pictured: The superstar onstage at the "Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour" at SoFi Stadium on August 7, 2023 in Los Angeles, California)
Taylor's supporters - AKA Swifties - have now popularised a wholesome element from her current shows - the friendship bracelet exchange. (Pictured: Football fan Andrea Scott showcases her collection of Taylor Swift friendship bracelets)
Friendship bracelets have become the new trend for Swifties just months into Taylor Swift's wildly successful The Eras Tour.
The fad appears to have been started by fans who took the lyrics to her Midnights song You're On Your Own, Kid to heart and followed her lead when she sang: 'So make the friendship bracelets, take the moment and taste it.'
Swifties have since been making and trading colourful, beaded, friendship bracelets with each other and then taking to social media to boast about their growing collections. 
High-profile celebrities such as Reese Witherspoon, Channing Tatum, Gayle King and Gigi Hadid have also jumped on the beaded-bracelet bandwagon when they attended Swift's sold-out shows in recent weeks. 
Gigi, 28, showcased her own growing friendship bracelets while attending Taylor's concert on Friday, July 28, at Levi's Stadium in Santa Clara, California.
An image taken at the concert showed the model and her make-up pal Patrick Ta making a heart with their hands placed together.
Actress Jennifer Garner is yet another A-lister cheering on the superstar's bracelet trend.
The mother-of-three, 51, and possibly the kookiest of all the celebrity superfans, was spotted rocking over a dozen bracelets across each forearm.
The bounty of friendship bracelets is thought to have been given to her by fellow Swifties, which she proudly displayed at Taylor's concert in Kansas last month.
Swiftie: Jennifer Garner showed off the dozens of bracelets she received from her fellow Swifties after travelling to Kansas City to see Taylor Swift in concert last month
The FIFA Women's World Cup in Australia is more than just a football tournament, it's a global symbol of female empowerment - and the perfect place to trade bracelets with self-empowered Swifties.
One football fan who has been inspired by the trend is Andrea Scott, 29, from Ohio, who travelled solo to the World Cup to trade 'football-focused' editions of the charms.
A network of football-mad, bracelet-frenzied fans has been born, even though oddly enough - Andrea says she's 'not that big of a Taylor Swift fan'.
One football fan who has been inspired by the trend is Andrea (pictured), 29, from Ohio, who travelled solo to the World Cup to trade 'football-focused' editions of the charms
Gigi Hadid, 28, and Patrick Ta, 31, (both pictured), have showcased their own growing friendship bracelets while attending Taylor's concert on Friday, July 28, at Levi's Stadium in Santa Clara, California 
She said: 'I’m just going to give them out and use it as an excuse to talk to people, I am travelling by myself so it’s always a nice thing to help start a conversation. 
'In my head I’m thinking I’ll give these out to some younger girls with their families to help spark that passion.
'If it helps someone be more excited about women’s soccer, that’s the only thing I could hope for'.
The football fan, who will be watching five games at the cup, has incorporated key match details into her DIY jewellery, including the names of competing countries and some of their players.
The bracelet bug has infected many others, including fans on this side of the shores, including Caitlin Greshon from Milton Keynes.
Caitlin, 16, started to sell her World Cup themed-accessories online after discovering there was 'a lot of interest'.
The teen sells the bracelets for £2 each online, but added she was more bothered about having fun and making them, rather than gaining a profit.
While she will not be travelling to Australia to watch the Women's World Cup this year, she plans to watch it at home, making and trading the bracelets throughout the tournament.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group