TITLE: Travis Kelce's ex-girlfriend says she's getting death threats from Taylor Swift's 'hypocritical' fans

DESCRIPTION:
Travis Kelce's ex-girlfriend Maya Benberry said Taylor Swift's fans have been sending her death threats and called the fanbase "aggressive" and "very hypocritical."

CONTENT:
Travis Kelce’s former girlfriend, Maya Benberry,  said  Taylor Swift’s fans have sent her death threats since  she addressed the rumored romance between the NFL player and pop star. 
Benberry, who  met Kelce in 2016 on his E! dating  series, “Catching Kelce,” described Swift’s fanbase, known as Swifties, as “aggressive” and “very hypocritical,” in a Thursday interview with “Inside Edition.” The reality TV personality  said she’s faced backlash  after  implying that Kelce may cheat on Swift.
Benberry  told the Daily Mail  earlier this week that she wished Swift “the best of luck” in their romance, but also warned, “I wouldn’t be a girls’ girl if I didn’t advise her to be smart.” 
 Music 
Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce’s rumored relationship has taken pop culture by storm. A sports writer and a Swiftie reporter sound off on what it all means.
Sept. 28, 2023
“I’m sure by now she has mastered the ability to see who is really there for her — and who is just using her,” she said.
She went on to  repeat allegations that Kelce cheated on  her when they dated in 2016.
“Only time will tell, but like the saying always goes, once a cheater, always a cheater,” she continued.
During an interview with “Inside Edition” on Thursday, Benberry doubled down on her cheating allegations and  said she  received death threats from Swift’s fanbase.
“Swifties are aggressive, very negative, very hypocritical,” Benberry said. “It’s really crazy to me that someone I think is positive and really nice would have such a negative and angry fan base.” 
After outlasting 49 other contestants on Kelce’s dating show, Benberry and the now-two-time Super Bowl  champ dated for eight months, she said, adding that they loved each other and were thinking about marriage. However, the pair broke up  the following year. In May 2017, Benberry alleged in since-deleted tweets that Kelce had cheated on her with  sports broadcaster and model Kayla Nicole.
 Entertainment & Arts 
Kansas City Chiefs star Travis Kelce opens up about Taylor Swift watching him play Sunday. ‘It was definitely a game I’ll remember,’ he said.
Sept. 27, 2023
Though Kelce has yet to address the allegations, a source close to him told TMZ that Kelce  never cheated  on Benberry and called the statements, “A poor excuse of someone trying to get her 15 min of fame.” A representative for Kelce did not immediately respond to The Times’ request for comment. 
Benberry said in the “Inside Edition” interview that she was offended by the statement given to TMZ and said she felt Kelce and his camp were “laughing” and “mocking” her. 
“I’m not jealous or bitter about Taylor — she’s beautiful, she’s successful, we’re in two different lanes — my issue is more with Travis, in the sense of now you’re trying to turn me into a bitter person, or a liar, like I’m delusional, and I’m the furthest thing from that,” she said. 
Benberry also shared on X, formerly known as Twitter, a screenshot of a text message to someone she said worked at “Inside Edition,” in which she  wrote that the TV segment portrayed her as “some bitter Black woman that is attacking a guy because he’s dating Taylor Swift.”  She said her initial  goal for the sit-down was to shed light on the way her relationship with Kelce was edited and manipulated in the 2016 reality TV show. 
 Entertainment & Arts 
Since Swift was spotted watching Travis Kelce at Sunday’s Chiefs game, many have wondered what it means for the NFL. But what about Kansas City?
Sept. 28, 2023
“I learned a lot of lessons these past few days but I don’t regret at all on speaking my truth,” Benberry said in another tweet. 
Interest in  Kelce and Swift’s rumored romance exploded last weekend when  the “Lover” singer  attended  the Kansas City Chiefs-Chicago Bears game  at Arrowhead Stadium, cheering  on Kelce  alongside his mother and  friends. The pair were seen leaving the game together. 
Kelce  recently talked about the  Grammy winner in the latest episode of  his podcast, “New Heights,” calling Swift  going to the game “pretty ballsy.” 
“I just thought it was awesome how everybody in the suite had nothing but great things to say about her, the friends and family,”  he told his brother, fellow NFL star and podcast co-host Jason Kelce. “She looked amazing. Everybody was talking about her in a great light and on top of that, the day went perfect for Chiefs fans, of course.”
It's a date
Get our L.A. Goes Out newsletter, with the week's best events, to help you explore and experience our city.
 You may occasionally receive promotional content from the Los Angeles Times.
Follow Us
Jonah Valdez is a reporter at the Los Angeles Times on the Fast Break entertainment news team. Before joining The Times as a member of the 2021-22 Los Angeles Times Fellowship class, he worked for the Southern California News Group, where he wrote award-winning features. His work can also be found at his hometown newspaper, the San Diego Union-Tribune, Voice of San Diego and San Diego Reader.
 Music 
Nov. 23, 2023
 Entertainment & Arts 
Nov. 22, 2023
 Obituaries 
Nov. 22, 2023
 Television 
Nov. 22, 2023