TITLE: Taylor Swift Further Proves She Can Sell An Album Like No Musician In History

DESCRIPTION:
Taylor Swift has seen six different albums move at least one million copies in a single week—the most among all acts. Her new set 1989 (Taylor's Version) is the latest.

CONTENT:
GLENDALE, ARIZONA - MARCH 18: Editorial use only and no commercial use at any time.  No use on ... [+] publication covers is permitted after August 9, 2023. Taylor Swift performs onstage during "Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour" at State Farm Stadium on March 18, 2023 in Swift City, ERAzona (Glendale, Arizona). The city of Glendale, Arizona was ceremonially renamed to Swift City for March 17-18 in honor of The Eras Tour. (Photo by John Shearer/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management )
Taylor Swift's latest full-length, 1989 (Taylor's Version), has been named the No. 1 album in America. The set starts atop the Billboard 200, the weekly ranking of the most-consumed albums in the U.S., with 1.653 million equivalent album units shifted. That is the kind of figure the vast majority of musicians can only dream of reaching, but it's a number Swift has hit several times before.
1989 (Taylor's Version) marks Swift's sixth album to debut with at least one million copies. Billboard notes that she is now the first artist to see half a dozen titles arrive with at least that many units shifted since Luminate (formerly known as Nielsen) began tracking sales electronically back in 1991.
Swift first earned a million-seller with Speak Now. That set opened atop the Billboard 200 with 1,047,000 copies sold. She followed that up a few years later with Red, which arrived with 1,208,000 copies sold.
The original 1989 enjoyed an even larger first frame, as it launched atop the Billboard 200 with 1.287 million copies. Her following set, Reputation, barely missed hitting that same figure, as it opened at No. 1 on the tally with 1,238,000 copies, though those were equivalent units, not pure sales, as Billboard had changed how it compiled its weekly tallies by then.
Swift's next few albums—Lover, Folklore and Evermore—missed hitting one million copies in their debut weeks, though they all went right to No. 1 on the Billboard 200. It wasn't until she released her 2022 title Midnights that Swift was able to return to her sales glory. Midnights, which followed several successful re-recorded albums, arrived with 1,578,000 equivalent album units—the largest start of her career.
Billboard notes that there have only been 23 albums in U.S. history that have moved at least one million copies in a single week in U.S. history. That number includes those that needed to do so with pure sales as well as equivalents, which have only been in play in the past few years after streaming took over as the main way millions of people access music. Among all of those blockbusters, only one has shifted more than one million copies in more than one week. Adele's 25 managed the feat in three different tracking frames.
