TITLE: Taylor Swift’s ‘Anti-Hero’ Has Turned Out To Be An Incredibly Important Hit For The Singer

DESCRIPTION:
As of this week, “Anti-Hero” is now tied as Taylor Swift’s longest-charting song on the Hot 100.

CONTENT:
NEWARK, NEW JERSEY - AUGUST 28: Taylor Swift attends the 2022 MTV Video Music Awards at Prudential ... [+] Center on August 28, 2022 in Newark, New Jersey. (Photo by Axelle/Bauer-Griffin/FilmMagic)
As Taylor Swift’s current single “Cruel Summer” returns to its No. 3 high point on the Hot 100 and she prepares to release a new album, 1989 (Taylor’s Version), later this month, American listeners are apparently still focused on one of her older smashes. “Anti-Hero” is still performing well in the U.S., even after almost a year on the charts. Now, the tune reaches a special milestone, becoming a somewhat surprisingly important win for the star.
“Anti-Hero” is up slightly on the Hot 100 this week, rising to No. 20. The single has been present on the ranking of the most-consumed songs in the U.S. for 50 weeks, as of this frame, which is a rare sight, and one she’s only managed twice before.
As of this week, “Anti-Hero” is now tied as Swift’s longest-charting song on the Hot 100. It shares this honor with both “You Belong With Me” and “Shake It Off,” which also held on for 50 weeks before disappearing.
When it debuted at No. 1 on the Hot 100 in 2022, few could have predicted that “Anti-Hero” would go on to spend 50 weeks on the chart...and counting. The tune is still living inside the top 20, so it could conceivably break with both “You Belong With Me” and “Shake It Off” in just a few days and become her longest-charting hit yet.
In at least this respect, “Anti-Hero” has become not just one of Swift’s biggest and sturdiest hit singles, but one of her most important. Its success shows that the singer can continue to change up the style of music she makes and still land a monster smash. “Anti-Hero” proved her talents as a songwriter once again, as well as her widespread appeal.
No tune spends 50 weeks on the Hot 100 without earning love from seemingly every demographic in America, based on how the chart is compiled, and nearly a year on the ranking is an indisputable sign that it is not just liked, but beloved.
In some ways, “Anti-Hero” is an unlikely hit, and the fact that it’s performed just as well, if not better (soon enough) than decade-defining tracks like “Shake It Off” and “You Belong With Me” is a true testament to Swift’s power and talent. Its success shows that she can do anything in music, and that she may be able to score more odd smashes in the future by taking risks and mixing things up, which typically goes against common sense and typical practice in the music industry…unless, of course, the conversation is about Swift.
