TITLE: Taylor Swift-Travis Kelce romance gets more props from Chiefs coach: It's 'a good thing'

DESCRIPTION:
Travis Kelce's coach, the Chiefs' Andy Reid, is still getting those Taylor Swift questions: He's 'just glad' Kelce has 'found somebody he likes.' Ditto Taylor.

CONTENT:
Kansas City Chiefs head coach Andy Reid has again endorsed Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift’s romance. 
The NFL coach endorsed the globally watched relationship again on Monday when he was asked about the media swarm enveloping Kelce and the team, specifically addressing whether he’s seen an uptick in requests for autographs and tickets due to Taylormania.
“Nobody’s really mentioned much on that,” Reid said in a virtual interview with Kansas City-based reporter Tod Palmer. 
“It is what it is,” the coach added. “I’m just glad he’s found somebody he likes and she’s found somebody she likes. That’s a good thing.”
 Music 
Taylor Swift kindly but firmly tells fans to stop throwing things onstage during her performances. The singer said the phenomenon ‘really freaks me out.’
Nov. 13, 2023
Perhaps Reid caught that wholesome video of the “Cruel Summer” singer running straight into the tight end’s arms after her Saturday show in Buenos Aires? Yes, the same show in which Swift updated “Karma’s” lyrics to reference “the guy on the Chiefs coming straight home to me.”
It’s not the first time that Reid has alluded to the buzzed-about romance. When the Chiefs beat the Los Angeles Chargers 31-17 in October, the three-time Super Bowl winner praised Kelce’s showing and his rumored girlfriend. 
“Kelce is getting better with time,” Reid said during a news conference. “Taylor can stay around all she wants.”
The “Anti-Hero” and “Shake it Off” singer has also gained the approval of Kelce’s parents and his elder brother, Jason Kelce, an offensive lineman for the Philadelphia Eagles. Jason Kelce said last month that he’s “really happy” for his younger brother, but worried about the heightened spotlight  on him while he’s in the orbit of the pop superstar.
“This is another level of stardom that typically football players don’t deal with,” the Eagles center told NBC Sports. “And so on one hand, really, really happy for my brother and where he’s at in his current situation with Taylor, but on the other hand, there’s some, I think, alarms sometimes with how you know, over-in-pursuit people can be.
“Overall, he can deal with some of this,” he added. “As long as it’s not, you know, becoming a threat to his safety and things like that.”
 Entertainment & Arts 
Travis Kelce’s dad, Ed Kelce, is discussing how much respect and love he has for Taylor Swift, whom he called ‘very smart’ and ‘very charming.’
Oct. 24, 2023
Swift, 33, and Kelce, 34, have been linked since about mid-September, sending weeks of rumors into the stratosphere when she showed up at his Oct. 1 game vs. the New York Jets. The couple appeared to officially confirm the relationship when they stepped out in New York together in mid-October amid their surprise appearances on “Saturday Night Live.” 
It's a date
Get our L.A. Goes Out newsletter, with the week's best events, to help you explore and experience our city.
 You may occasionally receive promotional content from the Los Angeles Times.
Follow Us
Nardine Saad covers breaking entertainment news, trending culture topics, celebrities and their kin for the Los Angeles Times. She joined The Times in 2010 as a MetPro trainee and has reported from homicide scenes, flooded canyons, red carpet premieres and award shows.
 Music 
Nov. 23, 2023
 Obituaries 
Nov. 22, 2023
 Music 
Nov. 22, 2023
 Music 
Nov. 22, 2023