TITLE: “Should Be Embarrassed” – Stephen A. Smith Chimes In on Taylor Swift’s Travis Kelce Episode Amid ESPN Layoffs

DESCRIPTION:
Not everyone is going gaga over the new Kelce-Swift link-up. While Barstools Sports owner Dave Portnoy derided the couple in a podcast, the volley of criticism has not ceased. The private lives of public celebrities are not really private and are fodder for unwarranted hot takes. In the latest episode of The Stephen A. Smith Show,&#8230;The post “Should Be Embarrassed” – Stephen A. Smith Chimes In on Taylor Swift’s Travis Kelce Episode Amid ESPN Layoffs appeared first on EssentiallySports.

CONTENT:
Follow Us
via Imago
Taylor Swift, Stephen A Smith and Travis Kelce | Image Courtesy: Imago
Not everyone is going gaga over the new Kelce-Swift link-up. While Barstools Sports owner Dave Portnoy derided the couple in a podcast, the volley of criticism has not ceased. The private lives of public celebrities are not really private and are fodder for unwarranted hot takes. In the latest episode of The Stephen A. Smith Show, the host aimed his guns at football’s newest couple. Will Swifties take this lying down?
America’s Favorite Video Today
After ESPN laid off several of its top commentators, Stephen’s podcast has gained traction. After becoming the master of his own show, all restrictions on what can be said and cannot be said have come off as he offered his two cents on the Kelce-Swift matter.
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
“Quite frankly, I think ya’ll should be embarrassed,” is Stephen’s jab at those who are going crazy about the new relationship. “You ain’t getting your groove on.” Stephen advocates a calm approach to this fresh development because none of us are going to benefit or lose anything. But for those who are thoroughly annoyed by all the banter around the couple, he has a different message.
“Let me watch the damn football!” He shared Chris “Mad Dog” Russo’s video in which he was seen screaming his head off and ranting about the coverage the relationship has received. He criticized Travis Kelce for bringing his “2-minute old” date to meet his mother. In an amusing snippet of the game’s coverage, we can see Taylor Swift excitedly jumping while Momma Kelce has a calm look on her face, unperturbed by her son’s performance.
November 23, 2023 04:00 pm EDT
November 23, 2023 12:30 am EDT
November 20, 2023 05:51 pm EDT
November 23, 2023 06:59 pm EDT
November 19, 2023 08:45 am EDT
Get instantly notified of the hottest NBA stories via Google! Click on Follow Us and Tap the Blue Star.
Follow Us
Stephen, on the other hand, jumped in to defend Swift and said that Swift was not just any date. She is almost a billionaire and a wildly popular singer. Kelce was not wrong for making her meet his mother so soon into the relationship. Those who missed seeing Taylor Swift in person now have a second chance. And it’s much more affordable than a ticket to one of her concerts!
Taylor Swift was last at MetLife Stadium on May 26, 2023, as part of her Eras tour. Before her NJ concert, her tour had already raked in $590 million in ticket sales and became the biggest trek of her entire career. Now you can spot her again at the same stadium, but for just $174. The price of her Eras concert was almost 10x at $1,332.
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
via Imago
Syndication: The Enquirer Taylor Swift performers during the first night of the Cincinnati stop of the Eras Tour at Paycor Stadium in downtown Cincinnati, Ohio, USA | Image Rights: Imago
According to Yahoo! News, the tickets for the Chiefs vs. Jets game have already soared 173% in anticipation of Taylor’s presence. Although, instead of getting to hear Taylor sing romantic songs in her characteristic voice, Swifties will have to hear “Boo” and “Yeah!” from the audience. Instead of background dancers, they will get to see cheerleaders. But still a great bargain!
“Ok Kanye”: 24 Hours After Trashing Taylor Swift’s Love-Life, Dave Portnoy
Silently Defends the Pop Queen Against Barstool Podcaster
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
Taylor Swift aside, will the Chiefs dominate the Rodgers-less Jets this Sunday like they did the Bears? Or will Travis Kelce embarrass himself in front of his date with a poor performance? Only time will tell. Nevertheless, what did you make of Smith’s comments about the couple? Let us know in the comments section below.
Watch This Story: Stephen A Smith’s Savage Critique on Shohei Ohtani Casts Shadow on Dodgers Amid Pitching Uncertainty
The Fan's Perspective
Enjoyed Your Read? Let us know how likely you are to recommend EssentiallySports to your friends!
1
2
3
4
5
Least Likely
Most Likely
Submit
ADVERTISEMENT
Written by:
Jakso James
273Articles
One take at a time
Edited by:
Amal Joyce
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT