TITLE: 2024 Grammy Predictions: Taylor Swift, SZA And ‘Barbie’ For Album Of The Year

DESCRIPTION:
Will Taylor Swift win the Album of the Year Grammy for a record-setting fourth time in 2024? She certainly seems like a lock for a nomination.

CONTENT:
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA - FEBRUARY 05: Taylor Swift attends the 65th GRAMMY Awards on February 05, ... [+] 2023 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by John Shearer/Getty Images for The Recording Academy)
Is Taylor Swift really about to win the Album of the Year Grammy again? Nothing is certain when it comes to the biggest award show in the music world, but these days, it’s not smart to count against the singer-songwriter.
Of course, deciding who may win what some still consider the top prize at the Grammys—while others argue that Record of the Year, which focuses on one specific track, is actually the top honor—is thinking a bit too far ahead. The nominations haven’t been rolled out yet, and even if she is destined to claim the trophy, she won’t be the only one in the running.
Here are my predictions for the Album of the Year nominees at the 2024 Grammys.
Predictions
Boygenius - The Record
Foo Fighters - But Here We Are
Lana Del Rey - Did You Know That There’s a Tunnel Under Ocean Blvd
Morgan Wallen - One Thing at a Time
Olivia Rodrigo - Guts
SZA - SOS
Taylor Swift - Midnights
Various Artists - Barbie: The Album
While these eight albums—down from 10 nominees in the past few years—all stand a great shot at earning an Album of the Year nomination, I’d be willing to bet that only two of them are guaranteed a spot. Both Swift’s Midnights and SZA’s SOS are locks for the category, and they may be the frontrunners to win as well.
Past nominees like Olivia Rodrigo, Foo Fighters and Lana Del Rey may return for another shot at glory, and they may be the second tier of nearly-confirmed nominees.
Morgan Wallen’s One Thing at a Time is the biggest album of the year in America in terms of consumption, and it’s hard for Grammy voters to ignore blockbusters of this size...even if some still have reservations about nominating controversial figures. However, that doesn’t mean Wallen has it in the bag. The Weeknd’s After Hours was a shoo-in a few years back, but eventually passed over, so anything can happen.
The Barbie soundtrack may seem like an odd choice for an Album of the Year nomination, but it was a huge success, and it spun off a number of hits—including ones by Dua Lipa and Billie Eilish that are in the running for some major Grammy love as well. Add in the massive box office figures connected to the title and a general adoration of the project, and anything’s possible.
Also Possible
Drake & 21 Savage - Her Loss
Jon Batiste - World Music Radio ​
Karol G - Mañana Será Bonito
Luke Combs - Gettin’ Old
Metro Boomin - Heroes and Villains
Noah Kahan - Stick Season
Travis Scott - Utopia
Zach Bryan - Zach Bryan
The nominees for the 2024 Grammy Awards will be announced on Friday, November 11.
