TITLE: Rumours of Taylor Swift tour stop in Vancouver 'false,' says BC Place

DESCRIPTION:
Rumours swirling online that Taylor Swift has scheduled a week of performances in downtown Vancouver at the tail end of her massively popular Eras Tour appear to be false.

CONTENT:

	Rumours swirling online that Taylor Swift has scheduled a week of performances in downtown Vancouver at the tail end of her massively popular Eras Tour appear to be false.

	Excitement grew among "Swifties" earlier this week after a TikTok user claimed the superstar was planning a series of shows at BC Place in January 2025, citing a second-hand source with connections to the stadium.

	"She's going to be here for a whole week," said Coralie Lynch in the video. "And the person who leaked that information from BC Place got fired. You're welcome."

	Virgin Radio host Amy Spencer, who considers herself a diehard Swift fan, told CTV News she enjoyed the hype this week, despite being skeptical.

	“I’m feeding into the delusion. I love the delusion. I want to believe that yes, she is coming here in 2025,” Spencer said. “Please Taylor Swift, we need this.”

	Unfortunately for fans, officials at BC Place have denied the rumours, calling them unequivocally "false."

	"We have no dates nor are we in discussion for any future concert dates (including 2025)," a spokesperson told CTV News in an email. "While we'd love to have Taylor back to BC Place, we do not foresee this changing in the near future."

	The disappointing news marked the second time local Swifties have had their hopes dashed this month.

	In early August, the artist confirmed – after much urging from fans and a few politicians – that she was bringing her Eras Tour to Canada, but only announced six shows at Rogers Centre in Toronto.

	Spencer said those tour dates put to rest another set of rumours – that Swift was avoiding Vancouver because local venues don’t have enough capacity.

	“(Rogers Centre) has smaller capacity than BC Place. So, capacity wise, we’re good to host her. We just need the go ahead,” she said.

	Prime Minister Justin Trudeau was among a number of elected officials who tweeted at Swift, referencing the lyrics from some of her hit songs while asking her to consider tour stops in the country.

	"It's me, hi. I know places in Canada would love to have you. So, don't make it another cruel summer. We hope to see you soon," Trudeau wrote.

	The Eras Tour, which is billed as an homage to all of Swift's studio albums, includes 146 planned performances everywhere from Switzerland to Japan, and is currently scheduled to run until Nov. 23, 2024, which is the date of the last show in Toronto. 
The Shopping Trends team is independent of the journalists at CTV News. We may earn a commission when you use our links to shop. Read about us.
Femicide, which describes women and girls being killed purely for the crime of their gender, is on the rise in Canada—and one advocacy group is calling for it to be declared a national emergency.

The Rainbow Bridge border crossing between Canada and the United States has reopened after a lengthy closure caused by a deadly vehicle explosion Wednesday.

Rome prosecutors asked a judge Thursday to effectively close an investigation into Italian and U.N. health officials over Italy's 2020 COVID-19 response without charges, on the grounds that no crimes were committed, a lawyer said.

The last year and a half have been an emotional roller coaster for engaged couple Joe Jennison and Alicia Murrell.

Violent clashes broke out in central Dublin on Thursday evening after a 5-year-old girl was seriously injured in a knife attack earlier in the day that also saw a woman and two other young children hospitalized.

Oscar Pistorius could be granted parole on Friday after spending nearly 10 years in prison for murder. It's the latest turn in the story of the double-amputee Olympic runner who was one of the world's most admired athletes before he killed his girlfriend by shooting her multiple times through a toilet door at his home.

Thousands of people led by Cuban President Miguel Diaz-Canel marched along Havana's iconic boardwalk Thursday in a show of solidarity with the Palestinian people and demanding an end to the war between Israel and Hamas.

The Manitoba government has introduced a bill to recognize Metis leader Louis Riel as the province's honorary first premier.

NextStar Energy has confirmed the number of foreign workers coming to Windsor to help get its new electric vehicle battery plant up to full operation.

Authorities are asking for the public's help identifying a suspect who allegedly flashed workers at a Nanaimo, B.C., fitness centre after he was refused entry.

A charity feeding kids in B.C. is seeing an unprecedented surge in demand, generating a wait list for the first time to serve 17 communities.

A man whose truck got stuck in the snow west of Kelowna, B.C., needed to be rescued by an RCMP helicopter.

Bears are often spotted in Bragg Creek but the community has no rules about trash bins and that’s a big concern for some residents worried about wild animals becoming habituated to people.

An Alberta woman who competed on the new Netflix reality series 'Squid Game: The Challenge' says the experience was "life changing."

The Rainbow Bridge border crossing between Canada and the United States has reopened after a lengthy closure caused by a deadly vehicle explosion Wednesday.

Alberta is extending its freeze on new photo radar equipment and locations for another year.

The Edmonton Oilers are willing to trade anything except for captain Connor McDavid, sniper Leon Draisaitl and this year's first-round pick, according to TSN's Ryan Rishaug.

An Edmonton man was killed earlier this month while serving as a medic with the Ukrainian military, say family members who describe him as a caring and humble son, brother and husband.

The Rainbow Bridge border crossing between Canada and the United States has reopened after a lengthy closure caused by a deadly vehicle explosion Wednesday.

Bad Boy Furniture has begun the process of clearing out $25 million in inventory as it restructures its business.

The last year and a half have been an emotional roller coaster for engaged couple Joe Jennison and Alicia Murrell.

Laval police say they have opened a homicide investigation after a woman was fatally stabbed at a home in Laval Thursday evening. A 31-year-old man was arrested and was set to be questioned by investigators later in the evening.

Quebec Premier Francois Legault says he's ready to increase his government's offer to striking public sector workers, but he says their unions have to show more flexibility.

Montreal police and the STM have decided to re-evaluate security procedures in the metro system with the expected increase in the city's homeless population as winter approaches.

The Manitoba government has introduced a bill to temporarily lift the provincial tax on fuel.

When Dr. Frasier Crane made his return to the small screen last month, with his signature bon mots and sarcasm, a Winnipeg-born actor was by his side.

Winnipeg police are concerned for the well-being of a missing woman who was last seen Tuesday.

A former Saskatoon high school teacher charged with sexual exploitation, and his alleged victim, both took the stand for a second time on Thursday.

The City of Saskatoon is making carbon monoxide (CO) detectors mandatory in all residential buildings in the city.

A Prince Albert man was killed in a single-vehicle rollover earlier this week.

Regina city council is moving ahead with some bylaw amendments to make it easier for developers to build homes in an attempt to meet its density intensification targets faster.

Mayor Sandra Masters says Tim Reid's future at Regina Exhibition Association Limited (REAL) is up to the future board of directors that will be appointed by city council.

The location formerly known as Municipal Justice Building in Regina has received some massive renovations – including a new name – readying the site to begin its second life as a community centre.

Nova Scotia's premier says his government won't be providing aid to customers who are out of pocket after a company they prepaid for furnace oil filed for bankruptcy last week.

Residents in the Town of Salisbury, N.B., will see a significant property tax rate hike in 2024.

The Kings County Memorial Hospital in P.E.I. has declared a COVID-19 outbreak on its inpatient unit.

After working with Perth County OPP and Stratford police, Karley Frayer has been arrested and is in custody.

The London Fire Department said goodbye to one of its own Thursday.

A cold front is bringing a cold, northwest wind through the area on Friday and temperatures are set to fall. A travel advisory has been issued for Bruce County.

After almost four decades, the family of Agnes May Appleyard finally has closure.

Gormanville Road in North Bay has reopened following a serious collision involving a pedestrian on Thursday.

The Rainbow Bridge border crossing between Canada and the United States has reopened after a lengthy closure caused by a deadly vehicle explosion Wednesday.

The last year and a half have been an emotional roller coaster for engaged couple Joe Jennison and Alicia Murrell.

After nearly three years of construction, the Ministry of Transportation (MTO) says Highway 401 through Cambridge is expected to fully reopen by the end of the year – but that won’t quite be the end of the project.

Cambridge Memorial Hospital (CMH) is the first Ontario hospital to employ artificial intelligence (AI) screening technology for clinical use when it comes to assessing low bone mineral density (BMD).
