TITLE: Flavor Flav would be ‘honored’ to record with Taylor Swift

DESCRIPTION:
Flavor Flav has become a &#8216;Swiftie&#8217; and recently attended several of the superstar&#8217;s concerts. &#8220;She ripped it,&#8221; he says of L.A. show.

CONTENT:
Flavor Flav has become a ‘Swiftie’ and recently attended several of the superstar’s concerts. “She ripped it,” he says of L.A. show.
When Taylor Swift dropped “1989 (Taylor’s Version)” on Wednesday night, Flavor Flav was fast with response.
“I tried to tell y’all with my Speak (that) Now Taylor’s Version eras outfit > 1989 Taylor’s Version eras outfit.”
That means that the hip-hop legend forecast on the Speak app the re-recorded and re-released version of her breakout album is better than the original.

A post shared by Flavor Flav ⏰ (@flavorflavofficial)
 
There is more love between the two beyond that post. Flav is such a fan that he wants to record with Swift.
“I would love to do record with Taylor one day. Has it been talked about? No. But has it been thought of? Yes,” Flav said during a phone chat Thursday. “I would be honored to do a record with her if she would do it with me. That would really take it over the top for Flav.”
The clock-necklace-bearing Flav has become attached to the pop superstar. He attended her show June 9 at Detroit’s Ford Field, rocking with about 60,000 other Swifties. When he posted from that concert, Swift’s father, Scott, invited him to Monday’s show at SoFi Stadium. He hung with the family at that show.
“They came up to me and gave me a hug, Bro. I loved it,” said Flav, who lives in Las Vegas. “That show was was a kick-ass show, oh my gosh. She ripped it. Now everybody’s calling me a Swifty. Is it Swifty Flav now? It’s OK! It’s all right with me.”

John Katsilometes’ column runs daily in the A section. His “PodKats!” podcast can be found at reviewjournal.com/podcasts. Contact him at jkatsilometes@reviewjournal.com. Follow @johnnykats on Twitter, @JohnnyKats1 on Instagram.
Joseph “Rev Run” Simmons, who turned 59 this month, is the final headliner in the Raiders’ nod to the 50th anniversary of hip-hop.
Incoming LIV Las Vegas headliner John Summit has played EDC Las Vegas and international festivals.
The Golden Knights are to be featured on “Road To The NHL Winter Classic” leading up to their outdoor game on New Year’s Day.
Top hospitality exec John Terzian said the F1 Wynn event was “magical.”
The Rolling Stones are playing Allegiant Stadium on May 11 as part of their Hackney Diamonds tour.
“Garth Brooks/Plus One” will run through December 2024 at the Colosseum at Caesars Palace.
Shaquille O’Neal, who has won more NBA championships (four) than drivers he can name in the F1 series (one, Lewis Hamilton) said he wants to invest in a team in Vegas.
David Osborne played Rosalynn Carter’s 96th birthday and has known the Carters since the 1980s.
Max Verstappen won the night, again, alongside Lando Norris at Omnia Nightclub
Wahlberg said the 3,000-capacity Chelsea venue is the premiere party’s site, and everyone is behind the first his film to premiere in Vegas since his move to the city.

Las Vegas News Raiders News Las Vegas Sphere Oakland A's Move Las Vegas Casinos Las Vegas Crime Las Vegas Shows Sports Betting F1 Las Vegas Las Vegas Restaurants Lake Mead Las Vegas Weather

Copyright © 2019 Las Vegas Review-Journal, Inc. | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service
Powered by WordPress.com VIP