TITLE: ‘Dancing With The Stars’ Announces First Taylor Swift Night

DESCRIPTION:
ABC finally confirmed that there will be a Taylor Swift-themed night on 'Dancing With the Stars' this season. Here's when to tune into “A Celebration of Taylor Swift."

CONTENT:
MEXICO CITY, MEXICO - AUGUST 24: EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NO BOOK COVERS. Taylor Swift performs onstage ... [+] during the "Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour" at Foro Sol on August 24, 2023 in Mexico City, Mexico. (Photo by Hector Vivas/TAS23/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management)
The rumors are true! ABC has finally confirmed that there will be a Taylor Swift-themed night on Dancing With the Stars in season 32.
The network also revealed that Emmy Award-winning choreographer Mandy Moore — who served as the lead choreographer for Swift’s successful Eras Tour — will be a guest judge alongside mainstays Carrie Ann Inaba, Bruno Tonioli and Derek Hough. Moore has also choreographed numbers on DWTS over the years.
“It’s been a long time coming…join us for A Celebration of Taylor Swift, live November 21 on @ABCNetwork and @DisneyPlus! Stream on @Hulu. #DWTSxTaylorSwift @taylorswift13,” the official DWTS  account penned on X (formerly Twitter).
The confirmation comes after professional dancer Peta Murgatroyd previously told Billboard on Oct. 3 that a Swift-themed night was coming to the dance competition. “We will be having a Taylor Swift week here,” she said, before adding, “Am I allowed to say that?”
Actor Barry Williams (The Brady Bunch), who is partnered with Murgatroyd this season, also told Billboard that he’s a Travis Kelce fan (the Kansas City Chiefs tight end who’s dating Swift). “Apparently, I know who Travis Kelce is now. I did not know that name before,” Murgatroyd jokingly added.
GLENDALE, ARIZONA - MARCH 17: Editorial use only and no commercial use at any time.  No use on ... [+] publication covers is permitted after August 9, 2023. Taylor Swift performs onstage for the opening night of "Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour" at State Farm Stadium on March 17, 2023 in Swift City, ERAzona (Glendale, Arizona). The city of Glendale, Arizona was ceremonially renamed to Swift City for March 17-18 in honor of The Eras Tour. (Photo by Kevin Mazur/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management)
When is Taylor Swift night on Dancing With the Stars? “A Celebration of Taylor Swift” will be airing on Tuesday, Nov. 21 on ABC, Disney+ and Hulu.
The remaining six couples will choose songs from Swift’s impressive discography, which spans 10 original studio albums and four re-recorded albums. (We also expect at least one couple to perform “Mirrorball,” in tribute of the Len Goodman Mirrorball Trophy.)
Although a Taylor Swift night would be the first on the dance competition, the 33-year-old singer is no stranger to the ballroom. In October 2012, she performed her hit single “We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together” from her fourth studio album, Red. She also celebrated the release of her 2010 album, Speak Now, appearing as a guest performer in seasons 9, 11 and 15.
The 12-time Grammy winner was recently named a billionaire by Forbes in October 2023. A whopping $500 million of Swift’s fortune derived from music royalties and touring, while another $500 million came from the rising value of her music catalog. This makes Swift one of the only artists to earn her billion-dollar fortune through music alone.
Swift made headlines on Sunday after her fourth re-record, 1989 (Taylor’s Version), landed atop the Billboard 200 chart with 1.653 million equivalent album units, marking the biggest album release of the year.
Dancing with the Stars airs Tuesday at 8 p.m. on ABC.
