TITLE: Amidst Travis Kelce’ Romance Rumors, Taylor Swift Travels With Kansas City Chiefs’ and Spotted With a Male Friend

DESCRIPTION:
This Sunday Night Football, the New York Jets are hosting the Kansas City Chiefs at the MetLife Stadium in New Jersey. The rumors of the tight end Travis Kelce and the ‘Shake it off’ singer Taylor Swift dating is the latest hype on the field. The amount of attention that Swift’s arrival at the game&#8230;The post Amidst Travis Kelce’ Romance Rumors, Taylor Swift Travels With Kansas City Chiefs’ and Spotted With a Male Friend appeared first on EssentiallySports.

CONTENT:
Follow Us
via Imago
Credit – Imago
This Sunday Night Football, the New York Jets are hosting the Kansas City Chiefs at the MetLife Stadium in New Jersey. The rumors of the tight end Travis Kelce and the ‘Shake it off’ singer Taylor Swift dating is the latest hype on the field. The amount of attention that Swift’s arrival at the game has been getting is impressive.
America’s Favorite Video Today
All the swifties, die-hard football fans, and even casual watchers have had their eye on the saga. Recently, a post on X has been circulating, creating a spur on the internet. For obvious reasons, it featured Swift and Kelce together.
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
As news regarding the duo continues to rule the roost, Big Cat took to his ‘X’ account to report something that has now gone on to catch everyone’s attention. Through the post, he implied that Taylor Swift flew with the Chiefs, while also sharing a picture that showed Swift and Kelce together.
Jerry just announced to the room that Taylor Swift flew with the Chiefs and then shows us this picture. He was dead serious pic.twitter.com/aL1UpbhC1F
— Big Cat (@BarstoolBigCat) October 1, 2023

The picture looks like an edited picture of the Grammy winner and 2x Super Bowl champion. It features them together at an airport, where recently Kelce made a style statement. However, if the picture is not looked at closely, it does look unedited. Big Cat wrote, “Jerry just announced to the room that Taylor Swift flew with the Chiefs and then showed us this picture. He was dead serious.” 
November 21, 2023 09:49 pm EDT
November 21, 2023 05:23 pm EDT
November 14, 2023 09:26 pm EDT
November 22, 2023 08:00 pm EDT
November 23, 2023 09:24 pm EDT
Get instantly notified of the hottest NFL stories via Google! Click on Follow Us and Tap the Blue Star.
Follow Us
Patrick Mahomes’ Supermom Randi Enjoys New York Sunday as 27-Year-Old Dear Son
Gears Up for Winning Streak
Both entities have arrived at the location, but there has been no news of them walking in together. The pop star is all set to cheer for her favorite player. The ‘Blankspace’ singer didn’t just come to the stadium to watch the game, she also brought her friends to the game to enjoy even more.
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
As they say, everything is better with the right people, the Grammy winner was seen at the stadium hanging out with her friends. Her friends Blake Lively, Ryan Reynolds as well and Hugh Jackman accompanied her at the game. They were all seen in the luxury suite cheering and having fun together.
Sabrina Carpenter was also spotted along with them. Not just her, Sophie Turner was also seen in the luxury suite. It seems like all the Hollywood stars have rushed in to see this match.
It’s a matter of a few hours and then we’ll know who wins this game. Until then, who do you think will win? Let us know in the comments section below.
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
Watch This Story: Kansas City Chiefs Captain Patrick Mahomes Is Launching a Pricey Sneaker for a Taylor Swift Concerted New York Jets War
 
The Fan's Perspective
Enjoyed Your Read? Let us know how likely you are to recommend EssentiallySports to your friends!
1
2
3
4
5
Least Likely
Most Likely
Submit
ADVERTISEMENT
Written by:
Ishika
284Articles
One take at a time
Edited by:
Abhishek Manikandan
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT