TITLE: Taylor Swift Will Tie Justin Timberlake And Ariana Grande At The Grammys This Year

DESCRIPTION:
When Midnights is named as a potential winner in the Best Pop Vocal Album category, it will mark Taylor Swift's fifth time being in the running for the prize.

CONTENT:
TOPSHOT - Taylor Swift poses in the press room at the The 58th GRAMMY Awards at Staples Center on ... [+] February 15, 2016 in Los Angeles, California. AFP PHOTO/MARK RALSTON / AFP PHOTO / MARK RALSTON        (Photo credit should read MARK RALSTON/AFP via Getty Images)
Taylor Swift is poised to become one of the most-nominated artists at the 2024 Grammys, and she's likely to emerge as one of the top winners as well. With a wealth of eligible music, the focus will be on her album Midnights and the songs featured on it.
Midnights is expected to be a strong contender for both Album of the Year and Best Pop Vocal Album. Swift is no stranger to these categories, and her almost-assured nomination will make history. In the latter category, she's set to tie with several other acts for the most nods ever.
When Midnights is named as a potential winner in the Best Pop Vocal Album category, it will mark Swift's fifth time being in the running for the prize. A fifth nod will tie her with Ariana Grande, Kelly Clarkson, and Justin Timberlake for the most nominations of all time.
Swift's journey in the Best Pop Vocal Album category began in 2016 when she received her first nomination for her debut pure pop release, 1989. The title not only won in this category but also secured the coveted Album of the Year award. Subsequently, she earned nominations for Reputation, Lover and Folklore. Interestingly, while Folklore didn't win Best Pop Vocal Album, it did take home Album of the Year.
Justin Timberlake was the first artist to secure five nominations for Best Pop Vocal Album, accomplishing the feat both as a member of NSYNC and as a solo artist. NSYNC's albums No Strings Attached and Celebrity were in the running but never won. Timberlake's solo albums, including Justified, FutureSex/LoveSounds and The 20/20 Experience – The Complete Experience, were all nominated, with Justified emerging as the sole winner.
Ariana Grande has seen all but her debut album earn nominations for Best Pop Vocal Album. Her releases, including My Everything, Dangerous Woman, Sweetener, Thank U, Next and Positions, all competed. To date, she has won once, for Sweetener.
Kelly Clarkson is a strong contender this time around and could potentially alter this ranking. She has also been nominated five times, with her albums Breakaway, All I Ever Wanted, Stronger, Piece By Piece and Meaning of Life. Clarkson has already won twice, establishing herself as one of the most successful artists in the history of the Best Pop Vocal Album category. Clarkson is eligibile again this time around, as her new album Chemistry is a likely nominee, though it’s not as certain as Swift’s placement in this field.
Swift may soon join Grande, Timberlake and Clarkson as the most-nominated artists in the decades-long history of the Best Pop Vocal Album category, or she may find herself in second place behind Clarkson. The official nominees for the 2024 Grammys will be unveiled in mid-November.
