TITLE: Taylor Swift Reportedly Sets Concert Film Record As ‘Eras Tour’ Dominates Box Office For A Second Weekend

DESCRIPTION:
Swift’s “Eras Tour” movie reportedly became the first concert film to pass $100 million domestically, without adjusting for inflation.

CONTENT:
Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour dominated in its second weekend in theaters, bringing in an estimated $31 million domestically, multiple outlets reported, and becoming the first concert film in domestic history—not accounting for inflation—to pass the $100 million mark, according to the Hollywood Reporter.
Teens make a heart sign while posing for a group photo before attending the Taylor Swift concert ... [+] movie at the AMC theater on October 13, 2023 in Century City, California.(Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times via Getty Images)
After this weekend, Swift’s Eras concert film will have brought in an estimated $129.8 million across North American theaters, according to the Hollywood Reporter, and became the first independently released movie to make more than $100 million through just two weekends in theaters.
Martin Scorsese’s Killers of the Flower Moon brought in an estimated $23 million domestically in its first weekend, according to the Hollywood Reporter—making it the third-best domestic opening of Scorsese’s career.
The Exorcist: Believer took the No. 3 spot at this weekend’s box office, adding $5.6 million to its $54.2 million North American total, according to Variety.
The No. 4 spot went to PAW Patrol: The Mighty Movie, which brought in an additional $4.3 million during its fourth weekend in theaters, according to Variety.
US singer Taylor Swift (C) alongside dancers and band arrive for the "Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour" ... [+] concert movie world premiere at AMC The Grove in Los Angeles, California on October 11, 2023. (Photo by VALERIE MACON / AFP) (Photo by VALERIE MACON/AFP via Getty Images)
$200 million to $250 million. That’s how much it’s expected it cost Apple to make Killers of the Flower Moon, according to the Hollywood Reporter. The film—which features a well-known cast including Leonardo DiCaprio and Robert De Niro and recounts murders committed against the Osage tribe in Oklahoma—is Apple’s first high-profile in-theater release. Paramount Pictures, the studio Scorsese tends to partner with, signed on with Apple and will manage distribution.
Swift’s Eras Tour is the only concert film in history to hold the No. 1 box office spot for two consecutive weekends, according to Variety. Swift’s latest concert film became the highest-grossing concert film in domestic history after just one weekend, beating Justin Bieber: Never Say Never’s $73 million run in 2011 and Michael Jackson’s This Is It, which brought in $72 million domestically during its 2009 run, according to Box Office Mojo data.
