TITLE: “Don’t Like to Talk About It”- Jason Kelce’s Mom Donna Reveals How Travis Kelce’s Romance With Taylor Swift Has ‘Amped’ Up Her Life

DESCRIPTION:
Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift&#8216;s unofficial relationship is a hot topic in the entire world right now. Kelce seems genuinely happy with how the rumored romance has played out so well. Now with Swift attending Kelce&#8217;s games two weeks in a row and meeting the &#8216;family&#8217;, things are moving to the next level. The recent&#8230;The post “Don’t Like to Talk About It”- Jason Kelce’s Mom Donna Reveals How Travis Kelce’s Romance With Taylor Swift Has ‘Amped’ Up Her Life appeared first on EssentiallySports.

CONTENT:
Follow Us
via Imago
Credits: Imago
Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift‘s unofficial relationship is a hot topic in the entire world right now. Kelce seems genuinely happy with how the rumored romance has played out so well. Now, with Swift attending Kelce’s games two weeks in a row and meeting the ‘family’, things are moving to the next level.
America’s Favorite Video Today
The recent trends are now focussed on Taylor Swift meeting Jason and Travis Kelce’s mother. They were coincidentally in the special viewing boxes together during the Kansas City Chiefs game, cheering for their favorite man on the field. While Taylor is a big star and seems ‘otherwordly’ to most, Donna Kelce’s response to meeting her was definitely surprising.
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
Yahoo Sports on X (formerly Twitter), posted an intriguing interview with Kelce’s mother. It basically revolved around her meeting with Swift and how her experience was. According to Mrs. Kelce meeting the 12-time Grammy winner amped up her life. Not to mention, anyone meeting the pop star would relate to that.
 
November 21, 2023 09:49 pm EDT
November 21, 2023 05:23 pm EDT
November 14, 2023 09:26 pm EDT
November 22, 2023 08:00 pm EDT
November 23, 2023 09:24 pm EDT
Get instantly notified of the hottest NFL stories via Google! Click on Follow Us and Tap the Blue Star.
Follow Us
Donna Kelce, mom of Travis and Jason Kelce, speaks on meeting Taylor Swift 👀
(via @TODAYshow) pic.twitter.com/jy6fQ9fPYZ
— Yahoo Sports (@YahooSports) October 6, 2023

Donna Kelce when interviewed about how her experience meeting Taylor was, stated, “Yeah it’s you know, it’s fairly new so I don’t like to talk about it. It’s just one of those things where obviously everybody saw me. I was in the boxes with her and yeah it’s just you know another thing that’s amped up my life.”
Rumored Love Interest Taylor Swift Is Reportedly Silent Despite Travis Kelce’s
Birthday Bash
Even though Travis Kelce is elated about the dating rumor playing out, he also expressed some concerns about the matter. According to him, the NFL might be overdoing things a bit. Not to mention, his concerns are understandable.
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
The tight end put forward his opinion that the NFL seems to be putting excessive attention on the Taylor Swift rumors. He said that the celebrities who attend the football matches “aren’t there to be thrown on the TV.”
via Imago
Credits: Imago
However, the NFL defended itself with the point that it is an intersection of sports and entertainment and there are positive responses about the coverage. Social media is full of news about Swift and Kelce and the fans are indeed expecting an official announcement from the couple. Donna Kelce was definitely amped up to meet Swift, but the experience was just okay.
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
While that moment would be the best moment for someone else, surprisingly, for Mother Kelce, it was just an okay experience. Do you think she’s just trying to downplay the experience or was she really underwhelmed on meeting Tay Tay in real life?
Watch This Story: Coach Prime’s Right-Hand Man Unearths Deion Sanders’s Relation With Colorado Team
The Fan's Perspective
Enjoyed Your Read? Let us know how likely you are to recommend EssentiallySports to your friends!
1
2
3
4
5
Least Likely
Most Likely
Submit
ADVERTISEMENT
Written by:
Sadafreen Ahmed
185Articles
One take at a time
Edited by:
Harshita
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT