TITLE: Taylor Swift’s ‘1989 (Taylor’s Version)’ Is The Bestselling Album Of 2023…After Only A Few Days

DESCRIPTION:
Taylor Swift's new album 1989 (Taylor's Version) only needed five days to become the bestselling release of 2023, selling at least one million copies.

CONTENT:
SEATTLE, WASHINGTON - JULY 22: EDITORIAL USE ONLY Taylor Swift performs onstage during the Taylor ... [+] Swift | The Eras Tour at Lumen Field on July 22, 2023 in Seattle, Washington. (Photo by Mat Hayward/TAS23/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management)
Taylor Swift's new album 1989 (Taylor's Version) has only been out for a week, but it didn't even need that long to prove its massive popularity. After only a few days, the set quickly became not just a sales success but the top title in America this year.
According to Billboard, 1989 (Taylor's Version) now ranks as the top-selling album in America in 2023. The title earned that honor after only five days of availability. 1989 (Taylor's Version) is not necessarily the biggest album of the year when including streaming equivalents—which factor into the year-end rankings and many of the weekly Billboard charts—but rather, it's the bestseller.
Billboard states that after its first five days out in the world, 1989 (Taylor's Version) hit one million copies sold in America alone. It's extremely rare for any release to actually sell one million copies in the U.S. these days, as streaming has taken over as the primary way for millions to consume music. Swift is one of a very small number of artists who can still sell albums and songs in massive quantities.
1989 (Taylor's Version) will almost surely open at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 in a few days when the chart is refreshed. The set will likely beat every other title by a massive margin, perhaps a million copies or more. Once all sales and streaming equivalents are included, its opening sum could be more than 1.5 million—or maybe even higher.
Swift is well on her way to collecting her thirteenth No. 1 on the Billboard 200. When 1989 (Taylor's Version) debuts in first place, the singer-songwriter will once again be tied for the third-most No. 1 albums of all time. Currently, she sits in fourth place, as Drake just passed her a few weeks ago with his latest winner, For All The Dogs. Soon, she'll advance from 12 leaders to 13—her lucky number.
