TITLE: Drake Will Further Distance Himself From Taylor Swift With His New Album

DESCRIPTION:
Drake's new album will help him gain ground on Taylor Swift when it comes to the Billboard charts, at least for a short while.

CONTENT:
LONG BEACH, CALIFORNIA - OCTOBER 30: Drake speaks onstage during Drake's Till Death Do Us Part rap ... [+] battle on October 30, 2021 in Long Beach, California. (Photo by Amy Sussman/Getty Images)
In less than two weeks, Drake will release his highly-anticipated new album For All The Dogs. The rapper has been teasing the collection for quite some time, and after some false starts, now it has a proper release date, and fans are excited to hear more from the superstar.
For All The Dogs is bound to be another huge hit on the Billboard charts, and it will only serve to further cement Drake’s lead over another one of the biggest names in music.
When For All The Dogs debuts, Drake will put more space between himself and Taylor Swift when it comes to the most Hot 100 hits. Drake leads the charge among all acts, but lately, Swift has been catching up thanks largely to the success of her many re-recorded albums. Her re-released sets have all produced a number of major wins on the Hot 100, and each year, she tacks on plenty of new smashes.
Drake does the same, but until recently, nobody was making a real play for his record. Now, he’s looking to ensure he remains the top-performing star with the most placements on the competitive list.
When For All The Dogs arrives, the songs featured on the title will almost certainly enjoy splashy debuts on the Hot 100. It’s not yet clear how many tracks will be on the title, but chances are most, if not all of them, will find their way to the ranking of the most-consumed tunes in the U.S.
Currently, Drake has sent 298 songs to the Hot 100 throughout his career. That is dozens of hits in front of his closest competitor, Swift, who has already managed to place 212 tunes onto the tally. Drake will see his sum climb, though by how much is not yet clear.
It could be just a few, or perhaps more than 20. The Canadian rapper has previously claimed more than 20% of the 100-spot Hot 100 in the past, and there’s no reason to believe he won’t be able to do so again.
So far, Drake has only released one single from For All The Dogs, “Search & Rescue.” The tune dropped in April, and at the time, it wasn’t clear that it was fronting a new complete collection. The track opened and peaked at No. 2 on the Hot 100, narrowly missing out on giving Drake another chart-topper. The hip-hop powerhouse hasn’t shared any more music from For All The Dogs since then, but that won’t stop the set from producing more hits once people can stream the title en masse.
Over on the Billboard 200, the two artists are much closer to one another. The stars are currently tied with one another for the third-most No. 1 titles, with 12 apiece. Drake will pull ahead in a few weeks with For All The Dogs, but his win might be short-lived. Swift has a new project coming in October as well, and since both are all but assured the top spot for at least one frame, Drake won’t gain much ground over Swift, but another No. 1 is nothing to complain about.
