TITLE: All of the Taylor Swift references during the Jets vs. Chiefs game

DESCRIPTION:
Taylor Swift, second from left, and Brittany Mahomes, second from right, watch play between the New York Jets and the Kansas City Chiefs during the second quarter of an NFL football game, Sunday, Oct. 1, 2023, in East Rutherford, N.J. Frank Franklin II, Associated Press Taylor Swift interrupted the NFL again Sunday night by watching the Kansas City Chiefs play against the New York Jets at Metlife Stadium. She brought along a gaggle of other major stars to watch the game and was spotted with Donna Kelce, Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce’s mom, again. The game averaged 27 million viewers, making...

CONTENT:
Taylor Swift, second from left, and Brittany Mahomes, second from right, watch play between the New York Jets and the Kansas City Chiefs during the second quarter of an NFL football game, Sunday, Oct. 1, 2023, in East Rutherford, N.J.
Frank Franklin II, Associated Press

Taylor Swift interrupted the NFL again Sunday night by watching the Kansas City Chiefs play against the New York Jets at Metlife Stadium. She brought along a gaggle of other major stars to watch the game and was spotted with Donna Kelce, Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce’s mom, again. 
The game averaged 27 million viewers, making it “the most watched Sunday show since Super Bowl LVII on Fox in February,” NBC Sports reported.
It also raked in an increase in female viewership, according to the release, including:
Could Swift be the answer for the NFL’s quest to draw in more female fans? Ticket prices and jersey sales indicate that it’s a possibility.

The NFL appeared to embrace Swift’s star power, flashing to her reactions after touchdowns and consistently referring to her presence in the audience. Watching the game on YouTube TV, the cursor was an emoji of hands making a heart, which Swift is known to do to her fans. 
The heart hands emoji, which Taylor Swift is known to us to her fans, was the cursor during the Jets vs. Chiefs game Sunday, likely referencing Swift’s attendance to the game. 
Sarah Gambles, Deseret News
Commentators came prepared with their best Swiftie song and lyric references to use throughout the game. Tucker Carlson even opened the game with a special video package from “The Voice” stage to welcome Swift and her fans watching. 
🚨| Taylor Swift telling Blake Lively to look at Travis Kelce!“Look at him” pic.twitter.com/qg7jSPRVRt
Here are the references made to Swift during a nail-biting 23-20 game that the Chiefs ended up winning. 
There were many references to Swift throughout the game. These are the ones observed by the Deseret News during the game. 
Carlson opened the video package by saying, “We all know this is not just any Sunday night football game.”
Then it cut to other big names and their responses to rumors the pop star is dating Kelce.
Carson continued:
He referenced a total of nine Swift songs.
On-field reporter Melissa Stark opened from the field, saying, “A lot of star power tonight. The last time Aaron Rogers and Taylor Swift were in the same building together, it was here at MetLife stadium to watch Swift perform at her Eras Tour show. He’s a fan. He was rocking out.”
Aaron Rodgers curtindo o Eras Tour da Taylor SwiftO cara em NY está VIVENDO pic.twitter.com/wqi76Et55v

The announcers for the game, Mike Tirico and Cris Collinsworth, seemed to embrace Swift’s presence, referring to her multiple times throughout the game. 

Here are Collinsworth’s Swift references:
Here are Tirico’s Swift references:
