TITLE: Amid MetLife Photographs, Kansas City Chiefs’ Travis Kelce Ends Up Scoring Zero Touchdowns in Front of Rumored Beau Taylor Swift

DESCRIPTION:
There was a star-studded crowd at MetLife Stadium on Sunday night, but Taylor Swift would’ve wanted only one to shine the brightest. Kansas City Chiefs TE mesmerized everyone, including 12-time Grammy-winning pop star, with his touchdown against the Bears last week. Unfortunately, he couldn’t replicate that in New York. The New York Jets have been&#8230;The post Amid MetLife Photographs, Kansas City Chiefs’ Travis Kelce Ends Up Scoring Zero Touchdowns in Front of Rumored Beau Taylor Swift appeared first on EssentiallySports.

CONTENT:
Follow Us
via Imago
Credits: Imago
There was a star-studded crowd at MetLife Stadium on Sunday night, but Taylor Swift would’ve wanted only one to shine the brightest. Kansas City Chiefs TE mesmerized everyone, including 12-time Grammy-winning pop star, with his touchdown against the Bears last week. Unfortunately, he couldn’t replicate that in New York.
America’s Favorite Video Today
The New York Jets have been struggling the entire season, especially after losing Aaron Rodgers in Week 1 to a freak injury. But they showed their resilience against the Chiefs in a nail-biting game and stopped the Swifties’ heartthrob from getting near the goal line. But they couldn’t stop the 2X Super Bowl winner from having a wonderful game, not with his lucky lady in attendance.
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
It was the second time this season that Taylor Swift attended a Chiefs game and both times they won. Coincidence? Maybe not. Perhaps the Chiefs will be motivated to perform for their teammate or to impress the extra attention they’re receiving. The squad most certainly knew that they had Hollywood royalty watching them from the box with Ryan Reynolds, Blake Lively, Hugh Jackman, and Sophie Turner all cheering for their victory.
 
November 21, 2023 09:49 pm EDT
November 21, 2023 05:23 pm EDT
November 14, 2023 09:26 pm EDT
November 22, 2023 08:00 pm EDT
November 23, 2023 09:24 pm EDT
Get instantly notified of the hottest NFL stories via Google! Click on Follow Us and Tap the Blue Star.
Follow Us
This time around though, the game was not as easy as the cakewalk last week. With injured Aaron Rodgers in the stands, the New York Jets — especially Zach Wilson — put on a show and gave a tough fight to the defending champions. Patrick Mahomes and Co. fought out a victory in the fourth quarter.
“Tweet of the Year”: NFL World Can’t Keep Calm After Brittany Mahomes – Taylor
Swift Breaking News
QB Patrick Mahomes, for the first time in recent memory, looked human as he was intercepted twice in the game. He still made two TDs, while tight end Kelce did not get a TD; he received 6 catches for 60 yards, the most by any receiver from either team. The Kansas City Chiefs will not want to test their luck so much in their next game, even with their lucky charm in attendance.
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
The Kansas City Chiefs looked other-worldly in their game against the Bears but now have been brought back to reality. The Chiefs were expected to cruise past their longtime rivals in New York, but that didn’t happen. With their next game on the road again, the Chiefs need to pull up their socks.
USA Today via Reuters
Oct 24, 2021; Nashville, Tennessee, USA; Kansas City Chiefs quarterback Patrick Mahomes (15) leads the team to the field before the game against the Tennessee Titans at Nissan Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Christopher Hanewinckel-USA TODAY Sports
The U.S. Bank Stadium and Minnesota Vikings will play host to the defending champions this week. While the Chiefs going 3-1 this season, the Vikings are at the polar opposite at 1-3. The Chiefs will once again take part in a game they are expected to win.
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
It’ll be interesting to see if Taylor Swift will show up in the arena in Minneapolis to display support for Kelce’s team. Only time will tell, but be sure to follow us for any interesting updates.
Watch This Story: Months After Bill Battle Soon to Be Billionaire Taylor Swift Answers Underpaid TE Travis Kelces Ever Lasting Emotions
The Fan's Perspective
Enjoyed Your Read? Let us know how likely you are to recommend EssentiallySports to your friends!
1
2
3
4
5
Least Likely
Most Likely
Submit
ADVERTISEMENT
Written by:
Utkarsh Tiwari
117Articles
One take at a time
Edited by:
Shubhankar Adhikari
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT