TITLE: Taylor Swift May Have Already Made $60 Million From Her Concert Film–Before It’s Opened

DESCRIPTION:
According to Variety, Swift and her team have likely earned approximately $60 million, looking only at the title’s opening weekend numbers.

CONTENT:
MEXICO CITY, MEXICO - AUGUST 24: EDITORIAL USE ONLY. Taylor Swift performs onstage during the ... [+] "Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour" at Foro Sol on August 24, 2023 in Mexico City, Mexico. (Photo by Hector Vivas/TAS23/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management)
Taylor Swift's concert film Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour is set to hit theaters this Friday, October 13, but reports suggest that the movie has already brought the star a substantial payday...even though no one has seen it yet.
According to Variety, Swift and her team have likely earned approximately $60 million from the movie, looking only at the title’s opening weekend numbers. Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour has reportedly generated at least $100 million in ticket sales even before its theatrical release. The film has shattered several pre-sale records in the past weeks, indicating that its box office success is just beginning.
Variety notes that Swift and her team will earn about 57% of all the money generated by ticket sales. That’s a higher percentage than the norm, and the discrepancy is due to Swift's decision to pursue a non-traditional rollout plan by partnering directly with AMC, a company with limited experience in film distribution, especially for a project of this magnitude. Essentially, Swift cut out the middleman, resulting in greater rewards for Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour.
It's important to note that the reported $60 million is based solely on pre-sold tickets. This figure is likely to increase significantly in the coming weeks and months as the film continues to play in theaters, attracting millions of fans. The total box office earnings will grow, as will Swift's overall earnings.
Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour is reported to have cost between $10 and $20 million to produce, so it has already made back its production budget several times over. Even before its theatrical release, it appears that Swift has potentially earned between three to six times the film's production cost, and its profitability is only expected to increase from this point onwards.
