TITLE: Taylor Swift’s Concert Film Has Already Earned Back Its Budget–Before It’s Even Opened

DESCRIPTION:
The film reportedly cost up to $20 million to make, and it earned that back in pre-sales in less than a day.

CONTENT:
SEATTLE, WASHINGTON - JULY 22: EDITORIAL USE ONLY Taylor Swift performs onstage during the Taylor ... [+] Swift | The Eras Tour at Lumen Field on July 22, 2023 in Seattle, Washington. (Photo by Mat Hayward/TAS23/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management)
Taylor Swift’s upcoming concert film Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour doesn’t come out for over a month, but it’s already proving to be an incredibly alluring draw at the box office. In fact, the film has reportedly already earned enough in ticket sales to more than cover its budget, weeks before it hits theaters.
According to Puck, Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour reportedly cost somewhere between $10 and $20 million to make. It’s not clear if that sum covers only the filming of the movie, which took place at her Los Angeles shows, or if it also includes marketing, distribution, and more. That’s a very healthy figure for a concert doc, and it might be hard for some musicians to earn it back…but not for Swift.
Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour sold historically well when pre-sale tickets were first made available by AMC, the theater chain carrying and distributing the film. According to Variety, which reported on claims made by AMC, the movie brought in $26 million in ticket sales in just its first three hours of its pre-sale window. So, it seems that Swift managed to make back the millions that it cost to produce the documentary of sorts within less than a quarter of a day.
After tickets had been available for a full day, that sum climbed even higher. Much higher. Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour earned $37 million in pre-sales in just the first 24 hours fans could purchase them, reports Deadline. That’s potentially more than three times the budget of the film, if it cost somewhere toward the lower end of estimates.
Industry projections are suggesting that Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour could become one of the biggest films of the year based on its opening weekend alone. The film might bring in $100 million or more in just the first few days it's in theaters. From there, the numbers grow much larger, and after its North American run is through, which could last weeks or even months, that sum could climb to $150 million or more.
