TITLE: Olivia Rodrigo Ties Taylor Swift With Her Latest No. 1 Smash Single

DESCRIPTION:
The two powerhouse singers have both scored two No. 1 hits on the rock chart, with Rodrigo recently earning her latest champion.

CONTENT:
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA - SEPTEMBER 18: Olivia Rodrigo performs on the Daytime Stage at the 2021 ... [+] iHeartRadio Music Festival at AREA15 on September 18, 2021 in Las Vegas, Nevada. EDITORIAL USE ONLY (Photo by Mat Hayward/Getty Images for iHeartMedia)
Olivia Rodrigo is in full album promotion mode, as she has just recently released a new single titled “Bad Idea, Right?” from her forthcoming project Guts. The song has become another quick hit for the pop singer, who seems to always hit and rarely misses. The tune was so popular upon its arrival that it instantly became a No. 1 on a specific Billboard chart, and with another leader to her name, Rodrigo ties one of the biggest stars on the planet and makes history.
“Bad Idea, Right?” debuts at No. 1 on the Hot Rock & Alternative Songs chart. The Billboard tally lists the most-consumed rock and alternative tracks in the U.S. each week using a methodology that combines sales, streams, and radio play. Rodrigo’s latest becomes her second champion on the ranking, and with another No. 1 to her name, she is in historic company.
Rodrigo is now tied with Taylor Swift for the second-most No. 1 hits in the history of the Hot Rock & Alternative Songs chart among women. The two stars have both accrued a pair of winners, and only Billie Eilish is in front of them. The young Grammy winner recently broke her tie with Swift by earning a third No. 1 on the chart, as her Barbie soundtrack cut “What Was I Made For?” rose to the summit not long after it was released.
Among all acts, Imagine Dragons rules, with five No. 1 smashes on the Hot Rock & Alternative Songs chart. Behind that band comes another, as Twenty One Pilots have accrued four champions. Eilish is on the same level as a handful of other rock favorites with three No. 1s, including Foo Fighters and Linkin Park.
“Bad Idea, Right?” is only Rodrigo’s second placement on the Hot Rock & Alternative Songs chart. That means that her record of sending tracks to the summit on the ranking is perfect, as she hasn’t failed to reach the peak yet. She earned her first leader on the list two years ago with “Brutal.” The tune was featured on her debut album Sour.
While she may have only accrued a pair of hits on the Hot Rock & Alternative Songs chart, Rodrigo has been very successful on other Billboard charts. Most of her output wasn’t deemed eligible for the genre-specific tally. She has already snagged a trio of No. 1s on the Hot 100, though none of them went to the rock-only list. “Bad Idea, Right?” debuted inside the top 10 on the Hot 100, becoming her second track from Guts to appear in the region. The album’s lead single “Vampire” opened in first place earlier this year.
