TITLE: Taylor Swift Charts Yet Another No. 1 Hit With ‘Is It Over Now?’

DESCRIPTION:
Taylor Swift replaces one Hot 100 No. 1 single for another as "Is It Over Now?" takes over for "Cruel Summer."

CONTENT:
GLENDALE, ARIZONA - MARCH 17: Editorial use only and no commercial use at any time. No use on ... [+] publication covers is permitted after August 9, 2023. Taylor Swift performs onstage for the opening night of "Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour" at State Farm Stadium on March 17, 2023 in Glendale, Arizona. The city of Glendale, Arizona was ceremonially renamed to Swift City for March 17-18 in honor of The Eras Tour. (Photo by John Medina/Getty Images)
Just weeks after collecting her latest No. 1 hit single in America, Taylor Swift has snagged yet another leader. The singer-songwriter is back atop the Hot 100 with her new focus, "Is It Over Now?"—though it’s not as if she left.
Swift replaces herself at No. 1 on the Hot 100 this week, swapping one smash for another. Her just-released cut, "Is It Over Now?"—officially titled “Is It Over Now? (Taylor’s Version) (From The Vault)”—debuts in first place atop the list of the most-consumed songs in the U.S. The track was featured on her new album, 1989 (Taylor’s Version), which is also sitting at No. 1 on its chart, the Billboard 200.
"Is It Over Now?" marks Swift’s eleventh No. 1 hit on the Hot 100. It’s also her third ruler of 2023. She previously topped the tally this year with “Anti-Hero,” a carryover from 2022, and recently with “Cruel Summer.”
Swift’s new champion opens atop the Hot 100 thanks to impressive consumption figures, which are expected whenever she delivers a new album or single. The tune sold just 5,000 copies and racked up 32 million streams in its first full week of availability. Radio also played a role in the tune’s success, as it earned 4.7 million radio airplay audience impressions upon its arrival, according to Billboard.
For the past two weeks, Swift has controlled the Hot 100 with her single “Cruel Summer.” The track became a surprise hit four years after it was first released on her pop album Lover. Seeing it rise on streaming platforms after she began performing it on her The Eras Tour, the singer and her team quickly pushed it as a promotional cut, and fans responded by supporting it en masse. “Cruel Summer” took only weeks to reach the top 10, but months before it finally found a window to soar to the summit of the Hot 100.
"Is It Over Now?" is one of many songs from 1989 (Taylor’s Version) to reach the Hot 100 this week. In fact, she occupies more than half of the spaces inside the top 10 this week, almost entirely with debuts from the re-recorded set, which is very similar to her 2014 blockbuster 1989. "Is It Over Now?" was one of the “From The Vault” tracks from the album, which means it was originally written and conceived during the 1989 sessions nearly a decade ago but not released.
