TITLE: Taylor Swift May Replace Herself Atop The Hot 100 Next Week

DESCRIPTION:
Taylor Swift may replace herself at No. 1 on the Hot 100 net week, swapping "Is It Over Now?" for current ruler "Cruel Summer."

CONTENT:
INGLEWOOD, CALIFORNIA - AUGUST 09: EDITORIAL USE ONLY. Taylor Swift performs onstage during "Taylor ... [+] Swift | The Eras Tour" at SoFi Stadium on August 09, 2023 in Inglewood, California. (Photo by Kevin Winter/TAS23/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management)
Taylor Swift currently rules the Hot 100, and it looks like she may do so again next week. While the name in charge of the most competitive songs ranking in the U.S. won't change, it seems that the song that sits at No. 1 will.
At the moment, it looks like Swift may replace herself atop the Hot 100 in just a few days. The singer currently controls Billboard's ranking of the most-consumed songs in America with her somewhat surprising smash "Cruel Summer." While there's a chance that the same tune could hold on for another frame atop the list, it seems more likely that the Grammy winner will swap one hit for another.
Swift is headed for another No. 1 album on the Billboard 200 with 1989 (Taylor's Version), a slightly reworked version of her original blockbuster pop record. For the re-recording, she added several new tunes to the title, and it looks like one of them may debut atop the Hot 100.
Once 1989 (Taylor's Version) arrived, fans flocked to hear the several new songs that were written during the initial 1989 sessions but never released. Almost immediately, "Slut!" stood out as the most popular track from the album, perhaps based off of its eye-catching title. While that tune will likely perform well, it no longer seems to be a frontrunner for the No. 1 spot on the Hot 100. Instead, a top 10 start is highly probable.
Currently, fellow new tune—or "From The Vault" in Swift's speak—"Is It Over Now?" is the presumptive ruler. The track has been selling well on iTunes since its release, but in the past day or so, it's been supplanted by a slew of Halloween hits.
The track has been running the show on Spotify, however, and all those streams may make it an instant ruler. The cut spent four of its first five days at No. 1 on the streamer’s ranking of the top-streamed tunes in the U.S., which is a great sign it’s headed for a spectacular launch.
It's very rare for an artist to replace themselves atop the Hot 100, and only a relatively small number of acts have done so. Swift is already included in that roundup, as she swapped one 1989 smash for another nearly a decade ago. Now, she's set to score another No. 1 from the title, many years later.
