TITLE: Cruel Sunday: Bettors Flocked To Losing Travis Kelce Bets After Taylor Swift Hype

DESCRIPTION:
Sunday’s two most popular NFL bets were for Travis Kelce to register a reception of 22 yards or longer and to score a touchdown, according to DraftKings—both losing wagers.

CONTENT:
Bets on Travis Kelce were the most popular individual NFL player wagers Sunday amid hype surrounding the Kansas City Chiefs tight end’s buzzy relationship with singer Taylor Swift, according to DraftKings, providing a boon to sportsbooks after Kelce registered a moderate statistical performance by his standards.
Not one, but two, Travis Kelce bets were DraftKings' most popular player props Sunday.
DraftKings customers wagered twice as much money on Kelce bets for the Chiefs’ Sunday tilt against the New York Jets as they did for the prior two weeks combined, company spokesman Stephen Miraglia told Forbes.
Overall, DraftKings’ two most popular player prop bets were for Kelce to score a touchdown and to register a reception of at least 22 yards; DraftKings boosted the odds for Kelce to have a 22-yard reception to +222 (a $10 bet would profit $22.22) as a nod to Swift’s popular 2012 song “22.”
Both of these bets failed to cash as Kelce caught six passes for 60 yards and no touchdowns with a long catch of 16 yards.
Rival FanDuel reported a 149% increase in its Kelce touchdown scorer betting handle week-over-week, according to the sportsbook’s general manager, Karol Corcoran.
FanDuel said Kelce props accounted for 14% of the total money bet on the platform for Sunday’s game, a 75% jump compared to the Chiefs’ last primetime regular season contest where the pass catcher played.
After a public flirtation, Kelce and Swift appeared to hard launch their relationship last Sunday when Swift was in attendance for the Chiefs’ dismantling of the Chicago Bears, sitting next to Kelce’s mom while wearing Chiefs gear. The 33-year-old Swift is among the richest self-made women in America, worth some $740 million per Forbes’ latest calculations and making an estimated $92 million last year. Kelce, a seven-time All-Pro and two-time Super Bowl champion, netted a comparatively meager $3 million in marketing deals and $12 million in salary and bonuses, though experts say the boost in his celebrity due to his more famous other half could result in more lucrative partnerships.
20%. That’s the proportion of all Chiefs-Jets bets on FanDuel that were Kelce props, according to the company.
The financial impact of the Kelce and Swift connection has extended far beyond gambling. The Bears-Chiefs game was the second-most-watched game of the NFL’s first three weeks thanks in no small part to the pop star’s presence, the resale market for Chiefs-Jets tickets exploded after reports surfaced about Swift’s planned attendance and Kelce jersey sales spiked 400%.

