TITLE: NFL responds to backlash over Taylor Swift-Travis Kelce coverage

DESCRIPTION:
The NFL has completely leaned into the rumored Taylor Swift-Travis Kelce romance. The league&#8217;s infatuation for its newest (maybe) it-couple has been quite polarizing for a handful of fans. The NFL recently made a daring move, at least by social media standards, when it referenced Swift in the bio portion of the league&#8217;s official Instagram...The post NFL responds to backlash over Taylor Swift-Travis Kelce coverage appeared first on Larry Brown Sports.

CONTENT:
Sep 24, 2023; Kansas City, Missouri, USA; Taylor Swift reacts while watching the Kansas City Chiefs vs Chicago Bears game during the first half at GEHA Field at Arrowhead Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Denny Medley-USA TODAY Sports
The NFL has completely overdone its coverage and promotion of Taylor Swift, seemingly concocting a fake romance between the singer and Travis Kelce in order to push a marketing agenda.
The NFL recently made a daring move, at least by social media standards, when it referenced Swift in the bio portion of the league’s official Instagram account. 
Negative reactions from fans eventually led to the NFL nixing the playful reference to Swift. The 12-time Grammy winner was also heavily featured during the last two NFL broadcasts of Kansas City Chiefs contests, both of which she attended. Even Kelce himself believes the league has gone too far.
It’s gotten to the point that the NFL felt the need to address its pro-Swift moves in a recent statement.
“We frequently change our bios and profile imagery based on what’s happening in and around our games, as well as culturally,” the NFL wrote Wednesday. “The Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce news has been a pop cultural moment we’ve leaned into in real time, as it’s an intersection of sport and entertainment, and we’ve seen an incredible amount of positivity around the sport.”
The NFL also said that the majority of its content has remained centered on the game of football and its players. Those who have watched the Chiefs’ games would disagree. Many people feel like the coverage of Swift has been excessive, unwanted, and is being forced onto the fans.
The league has done more than just tweak their social media bios for Swift. The NFL reportedly pressured networks to air free promos for Swift’s upcoming concert movie, “Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour” releasing later this month. 
The league’s major Swift push is completely new and does not fit the league’s past behavior.
Christian McCaffrey has played like a well-oiled machine for the San Francisco 49ers all season long. Fans thought he literally looked like one Thursday against the Seattle Seahawks. McCaffrey took some damage during the first half at Lumen Field in…
Mississippi State interim head coach Greg Knox tookthe field in style before his team’s rivalry game against Ole Miss. Knox was seen revving up the engine of an ATV in the tunnel before the Egg Bowl at Davis Wade Stadium…
Dallas Cowboys cornerback Daron Bland made NFL history on Thursday against the Washington Commanders. CBS announcer Jim Nantz immortalized the moment on the Thanksgiving broadcast. The Commanders were facing 2nd-and-10 from the Cowboys’ 43 with less than 5 minutes left…
Dolly Parton stole the show on Thanksgiving with her halftime performance during the Dallas Cowboys-Washington Commanders game. The Cowboys blew out the Commanders in a 45-10 affair Thursday at AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Texas. Parton was able to spice up…
A new chapter was written Wednesday in the ongoing rivalry between Chris Paul and referee Scott Foster. Paul’s record in Foster-officiated playoff games has since gone viral. Paul was unceremoniously ejected with seconds to play in the first half of…
Nikola Jokic was accused of being “dirty” by some people over his exchange with Jalen Suggs on Wednesday night. Suggs’ Orlando Magic beat Jokic’s Denver Nuggets 124-119 at Amway Center in Orlando, Fla. The game was tied at 108 in…