TITLE: 30-Year-Old American Singer Shares Dating Advice to Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift in Seven Words

DESCRIPTION:
The rumored romantic involvement of Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce has sparked interest among many. The pop star&#8217;s visit on Sunday to Arrowhead Stadium received national attention, with many praising her for bringing good luck to Kelce. We have covered how the increased attention has played out well for Kelce. There has been a 400%&#8230;The post 30-Year-Old American Singer Shares Dating Advice to Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift in Seven Words appeared first on EssentiallySports.

CONTENT:
Follow Us
via Imago
Kansas City Chiefs quarterback Travis Kelce (L) and pop singer Taylor Swift at
the 2023 MTV VMA | Image Credits: Imago
The rumored romantic involvement of Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce has sparked interest among many. The pop star’s visit on Sunday to Arrowhead Stadium received national attention, with many praising her for bringing good luck to Kelce.
America’s Favorite Video Today
We have covered how the increased attention has played out well for Kelce. There has been a 400% increase in his jersey’s sales since Swift’s Sunday outing. Moreover, the game saw a 63 percent increase in the number of female viewers aged between 18 and 49. The figures speak for themselves and go a long way in, showing the firepower of Swift’s stardom.
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
All this comes despite there being no confirmation from either Swift or Kelce about whether they are in a relationship. The buzz that she will attend Sunday’s Kansas City Chiefs vs. New York Jets game has intensified scrutiny of their rumored ties. There have been concerns that each might be leveraging the other’s stardom. This, however, has not failed to prevent fans from dissecting the minute details of the duo’s interactions.
via Imago
NFL: Chicago Bears at Kansas City Chiefs Sep 24, 2023 Kansas City, Missouri, USA Taylor Swift reacts while watching the Kansas City Chiefs vs Chicago Bears game during the first half at GEHA Field at Arrowhead Stadium. Kansas City GEHA Field at Arrowhead Stadium Missouri USA, EDITORIAL USE ONLY PUBLICATIONxINxGERxSUIxAUTxONLY Copyright: xDennyxMedleyx 1034777048st
The Philadelphia Eagles center, Kelce’s brother Jason, is glad the topic is public and hopes it will stop people from bothering him. On their podcast, New Heights with Jason and Travis Kelce, the brothers spoke about the pop star attending the game. Jason also teased him about the budding relationship.
November 21, 2023 09:49 pm EDT
November 21, 2023 05:23 pm EDT
November 14, 2023 09:26 pm EDT
November 22, 2023 08:00 pm EDT
November 23, 2023 09:24 pm EDT
Get instantly notified of the hottest NFL stories via Google! Click on Follow Us and Tap the Blue Star.
Follow Us
Taylor Swift Dating Update — Travis Kelce’s Big Brother Drops A Mega Confession
This time, however, the attention is coming from outside the family. Singer Kelsea Ballerini has weighed in and has words of advice for Swift.
 
 
A post shared by Taylor Swift’s Upd∀te ♡ (@taylahschild)

“Listen, I have no skin in this game, but I love Travis. We did SNL together. I love Taylor. We were close for many years. And I want happiness for everyone. So, vibe,” Ballerini told an interviewer on the red carpet at the first People’s Choice Country Awards.
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
“Oh, I ship happiness. Whoever is happy with whoever is what I ship,” she told another interviewer at the event. “I adore Taylor. I adore Travis. So if they’re happy, I ship it.” Swift and Ballerini have been friendly since 2015.
Ballerini has described Swift as one of her “earliest inspirations,” who helped make up her mind about becoming a singer-songwriter.
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
So, what advice do you have for the rumored couple? Tell us in the comments below!
Watch This Story: Days Before NFL Kick off $450000000 Earning Patrick Mahomes Super Wife Brittany Breaks Transfer News
The Fan's Perspective
Enjoyed Your Read? Let us know how likely you are to recommend EssentiallySports to your friends!
1
2
3
4
5
Least Likely
Most Likely
Submit
ADVERTISEMENT
Written by:
Shubhankar Adhikari
12Articles
One take at a time
Edited by:
Tripti Sarda
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT