TITLE: Is Taylor Swift’s ‘Anti-Hero’ About To Become Her Biggest Hot 100 Hit?

DESCRIPTION:
"Anti-Hero," Swift's 2022 hit, has now spent an impressive 49 weeks on the Hot 100 chart, making it one of her longest-charting tracks.

CONTENT:
NEW YORK, NY - MAY 05:  Taylor Swift attends the "Charles James: Beyond Fashion" Costume Institute ... [+] Gala at the Metropolitan Museum of Art on May 5, 2014 in New York City.  (Photo by Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images)
Taylor Swift is gearing up for the release of her new album, 1989 (Taylor’s Version), later this month, but the spotlight currently remains on some of her older singles as they continue to perform well on the Hot 100 chart.
"Anti-Hero," Swift's 2022 Hot 100 No. 1, has now spent an impressive 49 weeks on the chart, making it one of her longest-charting tracks. It's getting tantalizingly close to becoming her longest-charting single ever on the weekly ranking of the most-consumed songs in the U.S.
The song is now tied with Swift's own "Love Story," which also had a 49-week run on the Hot 100. However, "Anti-Hero" seems poised to surpass this record, as “Love Story” fell off the list before it reached an even 50 turns on the tally.
Swift has seen two other singles, "Shake It Off" and "You Belong With Me," remain on the Hot 100 for 50 weeks—just shy of a full year. "Anti-Hero" is now only one frame away from tying these two tracks, and it will likely hit that mark.
On the most recent Hot 100, "Anti-Hero" has climbed from No. 26 to No. 21. This positive movement suggests that the single is likely to extend its chart run and possibly break Swift's previous record, with a potential 51- or 52-week stay.
While “Anti-Hero” may be doing well right now, Billboard's rules dictate that once a song reaches 52 weeks on the Hot 100 chart and falls below the No. 25 position, it will be removed from the ranking. Swift will soon have to contend with upcoming releases that could impact its chart position.
If “Anti-Hero” does slip off of the Hot 100 in a week or so, it likely won’t return...so can it break her all-time record before that happens? Only time Weill tell, but at the moment, it stands a good shot of achieving that milestone.
