TITLE: Travis Kelce Lands in South America to Reunite with Taylor Swift

DESCRIPTION:
Travis Kelce jetted off to Buenos Aires, just in time to catch Taylor Swift’s next show! DailyMail.com reports the Kansas City Chiefs player boarded a flight at 11 p.m. on Thursday night and landed in Buenos Aires on Friday. See the pics here of him of Kelce in a white shirt and baseball cap after landing in Argentina. Trav missed Taylor’s Thursday night show at Estadio Más Monumental to attend teammate Patrick Mahomes’ 15 and Mahomies Foundation Gala in Kansas City, but it looks like he will be cheering her on tonight. Taylor Swift Kicks Off Eras Tour in South America... but Where Was...

CONTENT:
Travis Kelce jetted off to Buenos Aires, just in time to catch Taylor Swift’s next show!
DailyMail.com reports the Kansas City Chiefs player boarded a flight at 11 p.m. on Thursday night and landed in Buenos Aires on Friday. See the pics here of him of Kelce in a white shirt and baseball cap after landing in Argentina.
Trav missed Taylor’s Thursday night show at Estadio Más Monumental to attend teammate Patrick Mahomes’ 15 and Mahomies Foundation Gala in Kansas City, but it looks like he will be cheering her on this weekend. Taylor, however, had to reschedule her Friday show to Sunday due to bad weather.
Swift might even have a special message for Travis at the next show.
Last night she debuted two new songs: “The Very First Night” and “Labyrinth.” The latter seemed to be a nod to Travis, with the romantic line, “Oh no, I’m falling in love again.” Watch the performance below!
Waiting for your permission to load TikTok Post.
Meanwhile, USA Today reports Taylor also wore two new looks during her show in Argentina, including a bedazzled flamingo pink bodysuit for “Lover” and a sparkly pink blazer for “The Man.”
Flamingo pink happens to be the first line of her new vault track “Slut!” on “1989 (Taylor’s Version).”
Following her three sold-out shows in Buenos Aires, Swift heads to Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo in Brazil for more tour stops.
Travis has no games this week with the Chiefs as they get ready to play his brother Jason Kelce’s team, the Philadelphia Eagles, on November 20.
A few days ago,  Jason asked Travis on their “New Heights” podcast if his younger brother was “looking forward to going to” any upcoming events.
Kelce teased, “No, not really… I might just say ‘f**k it’ and just go somewhere nice, I don’t know. My skin’s getting real pale. I gotta go somewhere sunny.”
Jason asked, “Someplace south?” and Travis hinted, “Closer to the equator.”
Referencing the Eagles game, Travis added, “I never like to plan things on the bye week ’cause you just don’t know how healthy you’re gonna be. You don’t know how you’re gonna feel, whether you’re winning or losing… I definitely got the future in mind, gotta get this body right and get as healthy as possible going into the [game].”