TITLE: Travis Kelce Drops a Seven-Word Answer to $5 Billion-Worth American Giant Who Requested Taylor Swift Breakup

DESCRIPTION:
The Kelce-Swift saga has been the talk of the town and the new highlight of the NFL. After Swift was present at the Kansas City Chiefs vs. Chicago Bears game at the Arrowhead Stadium, the NFL landscape is going haywire. Even billionaires are showing their keen interest in the link-up rumors.  Mark Cuban, an American&#8230;The post Travis Kelce Drops a Seven-Word Answer to $5 Billion-Worth American Giant Who Requested Taylor Swift Breakup appeared first on EssentiallySports.

CONTENT:
Follow Us
via Imago
Pop singer Taylor Swift (L) and Kansas City Chiefs star Travis Kelce (R) | Image
credits – Imago
The Kelce-Swift saga has been the talk of the town and the new highlight of the NFL. After Swift was present at the Kansas City Chiefs vs. Chicago Bears game at the Arrowhead Stadium, the NFL landscape is going haywire. Even billionaires are showing their keen interest in the link-up rumors. 
America’s Favorite Video Today
Mark Cuban, an American businessman known for his appearance in Shark Tank and the owner of the Dallas Mavericks, advised Taylor Swift to break up with Travis Kelce and date a guy from his NBA team. However, the tight end gave a staggering reply to the billionaire, showcasing his off-the-field wit. 
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
Reacting to Kelce-Swift’s dating rumors, Mark Cuban said, “Taylor, sorry if you’re listening Travis. Break up with him, I got a bunch of good-looking single guys that play for the Dallas Mavericks. I gotchu.” Following Cuban’s reaction Kelce asked him to sign him for a 10-day period. 
Lewis Hamilton & Co. Swept by Travis Kelce-Taylor Swift Wave as Mercedes Admin
Does the Funniest Thing
Kelce jokingly replied, “Just sign me to a ten-day!” This entire scenario was highlighted by Taylor Swift’s fan page on Instagram. The page gave context to Kelce’s reply by writing, “Just let me join the Mavs for 10 days and she will be dating a guy from Mavs”
November 21, 2023 09:49 pm EDT
November 21, 2023 05:23 pm EDT
November 14, 2023 09:26 pm EDT
November 22, 2023 08:00 pm EDT
November 23, 2023 09:24 pm EDT
Get instantly notified of the hottest NFL stories via Google! Click on Follow Us and Tap the Blue Star.
Follow Us
 
 
A post shared by Taylor Swift’s Upd∀te ♡ (@taylahschild)

On his “New Heights” podcast, Kelce spoke about trying to gift a bracelet with his number embroidered on it to Taylor Swift during her Eras tour. That’s when the Chiefs tight end portrayed his interest in the pop sensation. But now it seems like Kelce’s wish has manifested.
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
At Arrowhead, Swift glanced at the game from a suite, accompanied by Kelce’s mother. The prime moment of the romantic saga was Kelce’s third-quarter touchdown. Witnessing the TD, Swift jumped with joy, showing immense enthusiasm. The moment was caught by cameras on the field. Since then, it’s been examined by Kelce and Swift’s enthusiasts. 
USA Today via Reuters
NFL, American Football – Taylor Swift reacts while sitting next to Donna Kelce watching the Kansas City Chiefs vs Chicago Bears game during the first half at GEHA Field at Arrowhead Stadium, Kansas City, Missouri, USA | Image Credits: Denny Medley-USA TODAY Sports/Reuters
The Chiefs won by 41-10. Following the win, Kelce hosted his teammates, family, and Taylor Swift for a late-night dinner at a restaurant in Kansas City. Kelce booked the entire restaurant to obtain a level of privacy. However, the dating rumors just got a desired boost. 
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
Swift is speculated to be present at the Chiefs’ next game against the New York Jets at Metlife Stadium. But only time will make the chapters of this brewing story unfold. 
Watch this story- While NFL Endorses Taylor Swift Romance, 53-Second Patrick Mahomes – Travis Kelce Connection Reveals Kansas City Chiefs Bromance
The Fan's Perspective
Enjoyed Your Read? Let us know how likely you are to recommend EssentiallySports to your friends!
1
2
3
4
5
Least Likely
Most Likely
Submit
ADVERTISEMENT
Written by:
Armaan Bedsa
250Articles
One take at a time
Edited by:
Stefan Thomas
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT