TITLE: Opinion: Stop Mobbing Taylor Swift

DESCRIPTION:
With the rise of Taylor Swift's fame over the course of the Eras Tour, fans have felt emboldened to show up at places she frequents. Perspectives Assistant Editor Fiona Creadon shares why this is problematic and should be discouraged.The post Opinion: Stop Mobbing Taylor Swift appeared first on Pepperdine Graphic.

CONTENT:
November 7, 2023 by Fiona Creadon 
Transparency Item: The Perspectives section of the Graphic is comprised of articles based on opinion. This is the opinion and perspective of the writer.
Being a fan of Taylor Swift is trendy again.
Any long-time Swiftie will tell you that, not all that long ago, a significant portion of the internet was trying to cancel Taylor Swift, largely due to an edited video of her seemingly consenting to a lyric about her in the Kanye West song ‘Famous,’ according to The Hollywood Reporter.
West and Swift’s feud snowballed into a giant hate campaign against Swift that led her to retreat from the public eye, and the theme of her sixth studio album, Reputation, was born, according to Vogue.
Reputation dropped Nov. 10, 2017, and was an instant success — selling 2 million copies worldwide in the first week of its release. Following the release of the album, Swift went on the Reputation Stadium tour, which ended in Japan on Nov. 21, 2018, Swift began secretly filming for her documentary — Miss Americana — which premiered Jan. 23, 2020.
Swift had two powerful sources that helped change the perception of her and bring back the previous adoration the public had prior to the ‘Famous’ debacle. The Reputation Tour was the largest tour she had done at that point, and the documentary was critically successful and widely viewed.
This leads us to the present day, in which Swift is on a break from the Eras Tour, which is her largest tour to date — spanning five continents. This newfound spotlight, which is likely the largest it has ever been for Swift, is exciting but not without its challenges.
It has sparked disturbing habits from fans and the public toward Swift.
With the way social media works, it is easy to spread news almost instantly. People use Instagram and X — formerly known as Twitter — to announce sightings of celebrities like Taylor Swift.
These posts can be shared quickly, and all of a sudden, hundreds of people are standing outside of Swift’s recording studio, home or, most egregiously, the rehearsal dinner for the wedding of her longtime friend Jack Antonoff.
Swift is no stranger to this behavior and not-so-subtly expressed her disapproval in her documentary, saying in reference to fans gathering outside her house, “This is my front yard, and I’m highly aware of the fact that [fans waiting outside her house] is not normal,” Swift said in Miss Americana.
One of the few times Swift has ever potentially alluded to her frustration toward people harassing her in public comes in the form of lyrics from the song “The Lakes,” which was the bonus track on Folklore, Swift’s eighth studio album. In the song, she writes, “I’m not cut out for all these cynical clones/ These hunters with cell phones.”
While Swift has yet to make a public statement condemning the injudicious behavior and how it has escalated over the course of her Eras Tour, this feels like a particularly sensitive issue for Swift, who has been the victim of several stalkers and death threats.
I believe the reason Swift has yet to make a public statement about this tactless habit from some of her fans is due to the fact that her music has always been very personal, and this can create an exaggerated sense of closeness between her and her fans.
Many fans think they know about all the inner workings of Swift’s life and thus have a right to see her, connect with her, etc., according to a BuzzFeed article. This, in its essence, is the definition of a parasocial relationship.
It is undeniable that Swift has always cared deeply about her fans. She has sent fans Christmas gifts, made donations to fans during the pandemic and even hosted secret sessions for her albums “1989,” “Reputation” and “Lover.”  
These are gatherings she hosted at her houses to give fans an opportunity to meet her, listen to her albums prior to their releases and take photos with her.
However, as a society, it is important to firmly draw a distinction between being a fan and being a stalker. Recently, it seems that line has blurred.
It is not acceptable to show up at a place where you believe someone might be, celebrity or not. If this was done to a private citizen, it would be considered stalking.
Because Swift is a public figure, all sense of decorum has gone out the window. Not only is the constant pursuit of Swift’s whereabouts highly inappropriate, but it can become very dangerous for both Swift and her fans.
This is because a large crowd of people or cars chasing after someone is not conducive to a normal public environment and creates chaos. We do not have to look far back in history to see when fans and paparazzi chasing stars had fatal consequences.
I am a fan of Swift, so I completely understand the love and connection that people can feel for an artist. However, the kindest thing we can do as fans is respect those artists’ privacy.
There is nothing inherently wrong with wanting to take a moment to stop a celebrity to say hello or express your appreciation for their work. However, Swift is of a level of fame that anywhere she goes, she is likely to encounter dozens, if not hundreds, of fans.
Swift can no longer be easily accessed, and we have to accept that as fans. Let’s give her the gift of going to a restaurant, a friend’s party, her place of work or even her home without feeling like she is being hunted down.
Taylor Swift has always made an effort to make her fans feel seen and appreciated. Let’s pay her back by respecting her privacy.
_______________________
Follow the Graphic on Twitter: @PeppGraphic
Contact Fiona Creadon via Instagram (@Fiocreao) or by email: fiona.creadon@pepperdine.edu
Filed Under: Perspectives Tagged With: fandom, fans, Fiona Creadon, perspectives, problematic, reputation, Swiftie, Taylor Swift., the Graphic, trends