TITLE: Taylor Swift Has Actually Been Promoting ‘1989 (Taylor’s Version)’ For Years

DESCRIPTION:
While it might seem like Swift has only just recently started promoting the forthcoming chart success, she’s actually been doing so for years now.

CONTENT:
LAS VEGAS, NV - SEPTEMBER 19:  Recording artist Taylor Swift attends the 2014 iHeartRadio Music ... [+] Festival at the MGM Grand Garden on September 19, 2014 in Las Vegas, Nevada.  (Photo by Isaac Brekken/Getty Images for iHeartMedia)
Taylor Swift is in full promotional mode for her upcoming album 1989 (Taylor’s Version). The re-recorded take on her pop blockbuster 1989 is expected on October 27, and that means it’s time to hype up the world for the title…as if people weren’t already excited. But while it might seem like Swift has only just recently started promoting the forthcoming chart-topper, she’s actually been doing so for years now.
She may have only announced it formally in early August, but Swift has actually been getting the public ready for 1989 (Taylor’s Version) for quite some time, as it’s expected to be massive. The singer released the first taste of the album more than two years ago. In September 2021, Swift dropped "Wildest Dreams (Taylor's Version)" without warning, thrilling her legion of listeners.
"Wildest Dreams (Taylor's Version),” the re-recorded take of her 1989 single “Wildest Dreams,” quickly became another top 40 hit for Swift, as it debuted and peaked at No. 37 on the Hot 100. Fans immediately expected an announcement that 1989 (Taylor’s Version) was on its way, but that didn’t turn out to be the case.
More than half a year later, Swift once again gave her dedicated followers reason to believe that 1989 (Taylor’s Version) was on its way. In May 2022, she released “This Love (Taylor’s Version)” after it was teased in the trailer for the Amazon
AMZN
 series The Summer I Turned Pretty. The reworking of 1989 track “This Love” was also a Hot 100 success, peaking at No. 50. But again, the CD didn’t come.
Earlier this week, The singer-songwriter crashed Google when she teamed up with the tech giant to create online word puzzles her fans could solve as a way to reveal the “From The Vault” tunes set to be premiered on the new album. She announced that game via an animated video she posted to Instagram, and the topic quickly went viral.
By doing so, Swift officially began promoting 1989 (Taylor’s Version), or so it may seem. Swift has actually been getting the world ready for the title for years, and all that work and planning will surely pay off when it opens atop the Billboard 200, likely with the largest starting sum of any of her re-releases.
