TITLE: Travis Kelce Makes Much-Awaited Arrival for Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour Concert; Are They Hanging Out Together After the Concert?

DESCRIPTION:
Kelce was a little late to the Buenos Aires concert on Sunday. After making the solo trip to the city on Friday midnight and vanishing from public eyes for a solid two days, he finally made it in time. Is Kelce taking out Taylor Swift for dinner afterward to compensate? Earlier in the day, Swifties&#8230;The post Travis Kelce Makes Much-Awaited Arrival for Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour Concert; Are They Hanging Out Together After the Concert? appeared first on EssentiallySports.

CONTENT:
Follow Us
via Imago
Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce | Image Credits: Imago
Travis Kelce was a little late to the Buenos Aires concert on Sunday. After flying to the city on Friday at midnight and joining Taylor Swift for dinner, he made it to the venue 30 minutes late. However, the rest of his day kept getting better and better.
America’s Favorite Video Today
Swift had two presents planned for the tight end. The first one was delivered midway through the concert. But Kelce had to wait for the show to get over before the unexpected second. The wait was worth it and the moment set the climax of the day, possibly of their 3-month-old dating timeline.
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
The Chiefs Tight End was photographed at the concert venue by multiple attendees. But as if that was already not enough, Swift decided to announce his presence with a song during her performance.
TRENDING: Taylor Swift changed her lyrics for her song“Karma” with Travis Kelce in attendance
“Karma is the guy on the #CHIEFS coming straight home to me”
(Via @SpotifySwiftie)pic.twitter.com/8WFAtqFD2Q
— MLFootball (@_MLFootball) November 12, 2023

“Karma is the guy on the Chiefs coming straight home to me”. Taylor replaced the original lyrics of the song that read “You’re talking shit for the hell of it” and “Cause karma is my boyfriend Karma is a god.”



Get instantly notified of the hottest NFL stories via Google! Click on Follow Us and Tap the Blue Star.
Follow Us
WATCH – Travis Kelce Sings & Dances With the Crowd as Taylor Swift Rocks Eras
Tour Argentina
The quick, unexpected change shocked and amused everyone, even Taylor had a giggle on the mike before going back to the song. But Kelce probably did not have a clue about what more was waiting for him.
The crowd had barely gotten over the serotonin rush as Swift’s singing ended, and then the most exciting happened. The singer, emotionally driven, just let it go on the stage in the heat of the moment.
Travis Kelce (on his bye week) and Taylor Swift share a kiss at her concert
He’s all the way in Argentina to show his support. pic.twitter.com/pdgAphMcp7
— JPAFootball (@jasrifootball) November 12, 2023
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad

Taylor Swift waved toward the fans, spotted Kelce at the wings of the stage, ran towards him, and kissed him. Kelce too, held her close for a few moments before leaving the stage together.
It was just the second day of her 3-day Buenos Aires tour, and fans could feel like they had seen it all. The ‘Paris of Latin America’ never disappointed its tourists, and certainly, it isn’t sending Travis Kelce empty-handed.
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
The Eras tour has kickstarted a new era in the duo’s personal lives.
Watch This Story: Five Nights at Freddy’s Actor’s Role Makes His Kid Proud
The Fan's Perspective
Enjoyed Your Read? Let us know how likely you are to recommend EssentiallySports to your friends!
1
2
3
4
5
Least Likely
Most Likely
Submit
ADVERTISEMENT
Written by:
Sagnik Ghosh
191Articles
One take at a time
Edited by:
Ananya Giri
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT