TITLE: Is Taylor Swift at the Chiefs Game Today? Here’s If She’s There For Travis Kelce

DESCRIPTION:
Could it be another game day date?

CONTENT:
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Forget touchdowns—Taylor Swift at Chiefs vs. Jets game—her second appearance, mind you—is what has football fans and Swifties alike all riled up this weekend.
The 1989 (Taylor’s Version) singer attended the last Chiefs’ game against the Chicago Bears on September 24, 2023, at the team’s home field of Arrowhead Stadium in Kansas City, Missouri. While she was there, Taylor was photographed cheering over a touchdown in a suite alongside Travis Kelce‘s friends and family—including his mom, Donna—seemingly confirming recent rumors that she and the NFL tight end are dating.

 








Related Stories What is Donna Kelce’s Net Worth? The NFL Mom Worked in Finance for Three Decades How Did Taylor Swift’s Fan Die? She’s ‘Devastated’ by a Brazilian Swiftie’s Death Before Her Show 
While the Midnights artist has yet to publicly comment on their relationship, Travis gushed about the singer during an episode of his podcast, “New Heights” which he hosts with his brother Jason Kelce, a football player for the Philadelphia Eagles. During the podcast episode, Travis called Taylor “ballsy” for attending his last game. “I’m enjoying life and I sure as hell enjoyed this weekend. Shout out to Taylor for pulling up,” he said. “That was pretty ballsy. I just thought it was awesome how everybody in the suite had nothing but great things to say about her—the friends and family. She looked amazing and everybody was talking about her in great light.”




He added, “To see the slow motion chest bumps, to see the high fives with Mom, to see how, you know, Chiefs kingdom was all excited that she was there—that sh*t was absolutely hysterical and it was definitely a game I’ll remember, that’s for damn sure.”
“Then we just slid off in the getaway car at the end,” he continued, referring to their ride to dinner in his convertible following the game. “Shoutout to Taylor for coming through and watching me rock the stage.” 
The NFL player, however, remained tight lipped about their relationship status. “I want to respect both of our lives,” he said. “She’s not in the media as much as I am doing this show every single week and having fun during the NFL season on other guys’ shows, like the McAfee show and any other show I go on from here on out […] I’m enjoying life and I sure as hell enjoyed this weekend.”
Now, of course, the question remains: was Taylor Swift at the Chiefs vs. Jets game to support Travis Kelce for a second weekend? For everything we know about the “Cruel Summer” singer’s weekend football plans, keep on reading below.

 









Is Taylor Swift at the Chiefs vs. Jets game today? The answer is yes! Taylor was photographed at the Kansas City Chiefs’ game against the New York Jets on Sunday, October 1, 2023, at Metlife Stadium in East Rutherford, New Jersey—the Jets’ home field. Photos of Taylor at the game showed her backstage in a black jacket, black sweater, and blue jeans before she took her Kelce’s VIP box with a group of famous friends including Blake Lively, Ryan Reynolds, Sophie Turner, Sabrina Carpenter, Antoni Porowski, and Hugh Jackman. 
Taylor named Blake and Ryan’s’ daughters—James, Inez, and Betty—after characters in her songs “Cardigan,” “August,” and “Betty” from her 2020 album, Folklore. Sophie was married to Taylor’s ex-boyfriend, Joe Jonas. Sabrina is an opening act for the South American, Australian, and Asian dates of Taylor’s Eras Tour. Antoni starred in Taylor’s 2019 music video for the song “You Need to Calm Down,” along with his Queer Eye cast.

 









Ahead of the game, The New York Post reported that Taylor was set to attend the Chiefs vs. Jets game—and we’ll be the first to update you on whether that ends up being true. 
According to Page Six, Taylor and Travis also spent the night together before his big game day. An insider told the publication that the NFL player was spotted doing the “walk of shame” at around 11 a.m. local time, just hours before his game. Apparently, Travis was seen leaving Taylor’s parking garage in her black Range Rover and headed to his hotel across the Hudson in New Jersey to get ready for the Chiefs’ match against the Jets at MetLife Stadium, where he greeted paparazzi and appeared to be in good spirits.
The Chiefs vs. Jets game airs on Sunday, October 1, at 8:20 p.m. on NBC. Here’s how to watch it for free. 
Our mission at StyleCaster is to bring style to the people, and we only feature products we think you’ll love as much as we do. Please note that if you purchase something by clicking on a link within this story, we may receive a small commission of the sale.
 









By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.