TITLE: Taylor Swift Eras Tour Toronto tickets. Are they available yet?

DESCRIPTION:
A selection of Taylor Swift tickets for Toronto dates with hefty price tags are already on sale days ahead of the official Ticketmaster release.

CONTENT:
 A selection of Taylor Swift tickets for Toronto dates with hefty price tags are already on sale days ahead of the official Ticketmaster release.
 Just a day ago, the pop icon announced she is finally stopping in Canada for a six-show stint in November 2024, after initially skipping the country for the second leg of her Eras Tour.
 Her concerts are set to take place at the Rogers Centre’s more than 50,000 seat-capacity stadium on Nov. 14, 15, and 16, followed by Nov 21, 22, and 23.
 Tickets for the shows, still well over a year away, will go on sale on Wednesday, with only verified fan registration open at this point in time.
 However, on the ticket reseller website StubHub, tickets for all six shows are already posted – and the prices are extraordinary.
 The cheapest ticket available was just under $2,000 to sit in a 500-level seat while section 100-level tickets near $10,000. The highest ticket value for a ground level ticket was more than $13,200.
 The question is – how are these tickets for sale before the official release?
 A Ticketmaster spokesperson told CTV News Toronto that no tickets are sold before the Eras Tour verified fan sale begins.
 Taylor Swift Era Tour tickets in Toronto posted on StubHub's website.  They pointed to “speculative ticketing,” when someone posts tickets for sale that they don't have.
 “Those speculative listings are not real tickets that the seller actually owns,” Ticketmaster’s website states.
 Canadian music commentator Eric Alper said it could be the case that scalpers are crossing their fingers and hoping that the tickets they were promised in a specific section will actually come to fruition.
 Or, they could belong to Rogers Centre season ticket holders who have pre-sale access to events at the venue, which Alper said happens 99.9 per cent of the time.
 He said tickets usually pop up on StubHub before their official release – but only now, concert-goers are talking about it because of the unprecedented demand for Swift’s Eras Tour.
 A seating chart for Taylor Swift Era Tour tickets in Toronto on StubHub.  The demand for the limited supply of Eras Tour tickets for the first leg of shows was so staggering it forced Ticketmaster to shutdown.
 If the tickets turn out to be fake, StubHub may in their “sole discretion” attempt to locate replacement tickets or provide a full refund, according to the company’s website. CTV News Toronto reached out to StubHub but received no response before publication.
 As for the sky-high prices, Eras Tour fans are spending on average U.S. $1,300 – equivalent to more than $1,700 in Canada – on tickets, merchandise, alcohol, food and parking.
 “We ain’t seen nothing yet,” Alper said.  
The Shopping Trends team is independent of the journalists at CTV News. We may earn a commission when you use our links to shop. Read about us.
Femicide, which describes women and girls being killed purely for the crime of their gender, is on the rise in Canada—and one advocacy group is calling for it to be declared a national emergency.

The Rainbow Bridge border crossing between Canada and the United States has reopened after a lengthy closure caused by a deadly vehicle explosion Wednesday.

Rome prosecutors asked a judge Thursday to effectively close an investigation into Italian and U.N. health officials over Italy's 2020 COVID-19 response without charges, on the grounds that no crimes were committed, a lawyer said.

The last year and a half have been an emotional roller coaster for engaged couple Joe Jennison and Alicia Murrell.

Violent clashes broke out in central Dublin on Thursday evening after a 5-year-old girl was seriously injured in a knife attack earlier in the day that also saw a woman and two other young children hospitalized.

Oscar Pistorius could be granted parole on Friday after spending nearly 10 years in prison for murder. It's the latest turn in the story of the double-amputee Olympic runner who was one of the world's most admired athletes before he killed his girlfriend by shooting her multiple times through a toilet door at his home.

Thousands of people led by Cuban President Miguel Diaz-Canel marched along Havana's iconic boardwalk Thursday in a show of solidarity with the Palestinian people and demanding an end to the war between Israel and Hamas.

The Manitoba government has introduced a bill to recognize Metis leader Louis Riel as the province's honorary first premier.

NextStar Energy has confirmed the number of foreign workers coming to Windsor to help get its new electric vehicle battery plant up to full operation.

Laval police say they have opened a homicide investigation after a woman was fatally stabbed at a home in Laval Thursday evening. A 31-year-old man was arrested and was set to be questioned by investigators later in the evening.

Quebec Premier Francois Legault says he's ready to increase his government's offer to striking public sector workers, but he says their unions have to show more flexibility.

Montreal police and the STM have decided to re-evaluate security procedures in the metro system with the expected increase in the city's homeless population as winter approaches.

After working with Perth County OPP and Stratford police, Karley Frayer has been arrested and is in custody.

The London Fire Department said goodbye to one of its own Thursday.

A cold front is bringing a cold, northwest wind through the area on Friday and temperatures are set to fall. A travel advisory has been issued for Bruce County.

The last year and a half have been an emotional roller coaster for engaged couple Joe Jennison and Alicia Murrell.

After nearly three years of construction, the Ministry of Transportation (MTO) says Highway 401 through Cambridge is expected to fully reopen by the end of the year – but that won’t quite be the end of the project.

Cambridge Memorial Hospital (CMH) is the first Ontario hospital to employ artificial intelligence (AI) screening technology for clinical use when it comes to assessing low bone mineral density (BMD).

After almost four decades, the family of Agnes May Appleyard finally has closure.

Gormanville Road in North Bay has reopened following a serious collision involving a pedestrian on Thursday.

The Rainbow Bridge border crossing between Canada and the United States has reopened after a lengthy closure caused by a deadly vehicle explosion Wednesday.

A pedestrian is in critical condition after being hit by the driver of a vehicle on Montreal Road in Vanier.

A 28-year-old man is dead and another man remains in critical condition in hospital following a targeted early morning shooting in Ottawa's Centrepointe neighbourhood.

The arrest of four young men on charges of human trafficking this week are calling attention to a problem that experts say is all too common in Ottawa.

NextStar Energy has confirmed the number of foreign workers coming to Windsor to help get its new electric vehicle battery plant up to full operation.

The lawyer for Kahli Johnson-Phillips has asked the jury to acquit his client on charges of first-degree murder and attempted murder.

Windsor police have arrested a woman after a five-hour standoff following an alleged assault with an axe in Walkerville.

Train traffic was temporarily paused through parts of Simcoe County Thursday evening after a vehicle caught fire near the tracks.

Provincial police are urging the public to report any sightings of a man wanted in connection with a serious assault in Huntsville last month.

Traffic on both sides of Highway 400 near Mapleview Drive in Barrie, Ont. came to a grinding halt after a gravel truck collision late Thursday morning.

Nova Scotia's premier says his government won't be providing aid to customers who are out of pocket after a company they prepaid for furnace oil filed for bankruptcy last week.

Residents in the Town of Salisbury, N.B., will see a significant property tax rate hike in 2024.

The Kings County Memorial Hospital in P.E.I. has declared a COVID-19 outbreak on its inpatient unit.

Bears are often spotted in Bragg Creek but the community has no rules about trash bins and that’s a big concern for some residents worried about wild animals becoming habituated to people.

An Alberta woman who competed on the new Netflix reality series 'Squid Game: The Challenge' says the experience was "life changing."

The Rainbow Bridge border crossing between Canada and the United States has reopened after a lengthy closure caused by a deadly vehicle explosion Wednesday.

The Manitoba government has introduced a bill to temporarily lift the provincial tax on fuel.

When Dr. Frasier Crane made his return to the small screen last month, with his signature bon mots and sarcasm, a Winnipeg-born actor was by his side.

Winnipeg police are concerned for the well-being of a missing woman who was last seen Tuesday.

The Vancouver Police Board has dismissed a complaint alleging the Vancouver Police Department created an exclusion zone during the dismantling of numerous encampments along East Hastings Street.

The carbon tax – and a private note that fell into the wrong hands – dominated Question Period in the B.C. legislature Thursday.

There has been a "steady decline" in random stranger assaults in Vancouver since 2021, according to an analysis of crime data that was quietly published by police, and which challenges the perception that the attacks have been a mounting public safety issue.

Alberta is extending its freeze on new photo radar equipment and locations for another year.

The Edmonton Oilers are willing to trade anything except for captain Connor McDavid, sniper Leon Draisaitl and this year's first-round pick, according to TSN's Ryan Rishaug.

An Edmonton man was killed earlier this month while serving as a medic with the Ukrainian military, say family members who describe him as a caring and humble son, brother and husband.
