TITLE: New club brings together Taylor Swift enthusiasts

DESCRIPTION:
Every time one of Taylor Swift&#8217;s albums is out, her fans are ecstatic. To purchase Taylor Swift tickets, everyone gets up as early as possible in the morning. Taylor Swift is adored by many people, and her influence on countless lives is unmatched.   The ability to to talk and express one’s love for Taylor Swift...

CONTENT:
Every time one of Taylor Swift’s albums is out, her fans are ecstatic. To purchase Taylor Swift tickets, everyone gets up as early as possible in the morning. Taylor Swift is adored by many people, and her influence on countless lives is unmatched.  
The ability to to talk and express one’s love for Taylor Swift was introduced to the Staples community this year by Lana Diggins ’25, Ellis Maroney ’26 and Leila Stein ’26. Their goal is for Taylor lovers to come together and discuss their common interests. 
Taylor swift has influenced many people around the world and has had a huge impact. “16 in every 100 people living in the U.S. is a Swiftie,” Website Rolling Stone said. 
The ability to to talk and express one’s love for Taylor Swift was introduced to the Staples community this year by Lana Diggins ’25, Ellis Maroney ’26 and Leila Stein ’26. Their goal is for Taylor lovers to come together and discuss their common interests. 
“A lot of people at Staples love Taylor Swift,” Diggins said. “My friends and I thought creating a club would be a great way for all the Swifties at Staples to come together over a common interest.” 
Not only do they hope to just discuss their love for Taylor Swift, they will be doing fundraisers including bake sales and easter egg hunts. 
“Staples Swifties will be supporting the National Eating Disorder Association,” Stein said. “This is an organization that promotes the prevention of eating disorders, education on how eating disorders affect people and how people can get treatment.” 
 The leaders believe the club will have a huge impact on the Staples community due to their personal experiences. 
“I think Taylors music resonates with so many people because of the lyrics,” Maroney said. “Everything she says is very raw and personal.” 


“
A lot of people at Staples love Taylor Swift. My friends and I thought creating a club would be a great way for all the Swifties at Staples to come together over a common interest.
— Lana Diggins ’25




 
A lot of people at Staples love Taylor Swift. My friends and I thought creating a club would be a great way for all the Swifties at Staples to come together over a common interest.
— Lana Diggins ’25
The leaders were happy about the excitement for their new club and can’t wait for what is to come in the school year. 
“We received a lot of interest in the club,” Diggins said, “80 sign ups during club rush last week.”
Related Stories 

 New clubs allow for a variety of opportunities for students



 Embrace the unexpected: Country music unveils the human experience



 Olivia Rodrigo’s ‘GUTS’ proves shockingly good artistic evolution




 Cancel reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
 

