TITLE: Days After Taylor Swift’s Dynamic Cheerleading for Travis Kelce, Another Kansas City Chiefs’ Player Catches Pop Fever

DESCRIPTION:
The Taylor Swift fever is now affecting the Kansas City Chiefs players. After taking the NFL world by storm, the pop sensation has entered the dressing room of the Chiefs. The NFL&#8217;s official Instagram and Twitter handles witnessed change. Its Instagram handle mentioned, “The chiefs are 2-0 as swifties.&#8221; The Twitter banner featured Swift’s picture. &#8230;The post Days After Taylor Swift’s Dynamic Cheerleading for Travis Kelce, Another Kansas City Chiefs’ Player Catches Pop Fever appeared first on EssentiallySports.

CONTENT:
Follow Us
via Imago
Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce | Image Courtesy: Imago
The Taylor Swift fever is now affecting the Kansas City Chiefs players. After taking the NFL world by storm, the pop sensation has entered the dressing room of the Chiefs. The NFL’s official Instagram and Twitter handles witnessed change. Its Instagram handle mentioned, “The chiefs are 2-0 as swifties.” The Twitter banner featured Swift’s picture. 
America’s Favorite Video Today
The Chiefs’ tight end Travis Kelce, Swift’s speculated beau, is having a great time, with the singer being his cheerleader in his games. Like many, the star Chiefs player also suffered from the pop fever and couldn’t resist sharing about it. 
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
The Chiefs’ defensive tackle, Chris Jones, shared a picture on his Twitter account featuring a screenshot of Swift’s song, “Anti-Hero.” 
it's me, Hi pic.twitter.com/sHjzp4In1L
— Chris Jones (@StoneColdJones) October 2, 2023

After witnessing his teammate Kelce’s wish to gift Swift a friendship bracelet with his number carved manifest, the defensive tackle shared a picture with the caption, “[I]t’s me, Hi.” It looked like he was trying to introduce himself to Swift.
November 21, 2023 09:49 pm EDT
November 21, 2023 05:23 pm EDT
November 14, 2023 09:26 pm EDT
November 22, 2023 08:00 pm EDT
November 23, 2023 09:24 pm EDT
Get instantly notified of the hottest NFL stories via Google! Click on Follow Us and Tap the Blue Star.
Follow Us
On his ‘New Heights’ podcast, Kelce openly shared about his Eras tour experience, where he failed to gift the pop sensation a bracelet before her concert. However, needless to say, in recent times, Kelce got more than he was aiming for. 
“Get Our Hands on Him in Front of Her” – Vikings CB Byron Murphy, a Huge Taylor
Swift Fan Sends Warning Shots to Her Male Friend Travis Kelce Ahead of Their
Crucial Clash
The rumored romantic saga is the talk of the town. Swift attended the Chiefs’ past two games, and her presence was the lucky charm for the Chiefs Nation. Above the Chiefs, Swift was a cheerleader for Kelce.
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
Swift was at Arrowhead Stadium for the game between the Chiefs and the Chicago Bears. For Swifties, the singer’s celebration following Kelce’s third-quarter touchdown was the prime moment of the game. Immersed in joy, Swift jumped with enthusiasm after Kelce’s TD. After the game, they went for a late-night dinner party, accompanied by Kelce’s teammates and family. Swift’s presence at the Chiefs’ next game at MetLife Stadium against the New York Jets was highly anticipated following her time at Arrowhead.
USA Today via Reuters
Nov 20, 2022; Inglewood, California, USA; Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce (87) celebrates after scoring on a 17-yard touchdown reception with 31 seconds left against the Los Angeles Chargers SoFi Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Kirby Lee-USA TODAY Sports
The anticipation was real, and Swift again supported Kelce and his team at MetLife. The hyped matchup of the Chiefs and the Jets ended in the Chiefs’ favor with a 23-20 scoreline. Kelce and Swift’s rumored relationship is a new highlight of the NFL landscape. And the “rumored” word is a highlight of the duo’s relationship. Only time will unfold the next chapter of their lives. And before time tells us, let us know if you are rooting for Swift to attend the Chiefs’ next game against the Minnesota Vikings!
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
Watch this story- Days Before NFL Kick off $450000000 Earning Patrick Mahomes Super Wife Brittany Breaks Transfer News
The Fan's Perspective
Enjoyed Your Read? Let us know how likely you are to recommend EssentiallySports to your friends!
1
2
3
4
5
Least Likely
Most Likely
Submit
ADVERTISEMENT
Written by:
Armaan Bedsa
250Articles
One take at a time
Edited by:
Shubhankar Adhikari
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT