TITLE: Taylor Swift’s ‘Anti-Hero’ Ties ‘Teardrops On My Guitar’ As One Of Her Biggest Hot 100 Hits

DESCRIPTION:
With 48 weeks spent on the Hot 100, “Anti-Hero” is now tied with another one of Swift’s most popular singles as the third-longest-charting tune of her career.

CONTENT:
CHICAGO, IL - JUNE 02:  Taylor Swift performs onstage during the 2018 reputation Stadium Tour at ... [+] Soldier Field on June 2, 2018 in Chicago, Illinois.  (Photo by John Shearer/TAS18/Getty Images for TAS)
Taylor Swift has three songs on the Hot 100 this week, but one stands out among the bunch thanks to its longstanding popularity. The superstar’s “Anti-Hero” is not just the longest-charting of her current trio of wins, but it’s recently become one of the sturdiest hits of her career.
"Anti-Hero" celebrates 48 weeks on the Hot 100 as of this frame. That’s an incredible length of time for any track to spend on the ranking of the most-consumed songs in the U.S., and it’s one that Swift has reached before…but not very often.
With 48 weeks spent on the Hot 100, “Anti-Hero” is now tied with another one of Swift’s most popular singles as the third-longest-charting tune of her career. At present, “Anti-Hero” is on the same level as her early win “Teardrops on My Guitar." That cut disappeared from the list in 2008 after 48 frames.
Ahead of both “Anti-Hero” and “Teardrops on My Guitar” are just three other songs from Swift. That’s a very small sum, considering she’s sent a total of 212 tracks to the tally throughout her time in the spotlight. Two tracks are currently tied as her longest-charting hits, as both “You Belong With Me” and “Shake It Off” racked up 50 weeks on the tally.
Just one frame ahead of “Anti-Hero” is “Love Story.” That smash, which helped catapult Swift to superstardom more than a decade ago, lived on the list for 49 weeks.
“Anti-Hero” is still going strong on the Hot 100, as it’s up several spots this time around. The tune advances from No. 31 to No. 26 in its forty-eighth week on the ranking. Seeing how well it’s still doing, it’s likely that next week, “Anti-Hero” will still be able to find space on the chart. When it does, the Midnights single will break its tie with “Teardrops on My Guitar” and match “Love Story” as one of Swift’s second-longest-charting smashes.
