TITLE: Who Does Taylor Swift Need To Beat For ‘Cruel Summer’ To Hit No. 1?

DESCRIPTION:
While all signs point to “Cruel Summer” becoming the next No. 1 on the Hot 100, nothing is certain until Billboard announces the winner.

CONTENT:
PARK CITY, UT - JANUARY 23:  Singer Taylor Swift is seen on Main Street during the Sundance Film ... [+] Festival on January 23, 2020 in Park City, Utah.  (Photo by Mat Hayward/GC Images)
It looks like Taylor Swift may be on her way to another No. 1 hit on the Hot 100. The superstar’s single “Cruel Summer” has been gaining ground in the past few days when it comes to sales and streams, and the tune is still performing especially well at radio in the U.S. All three of those consumption metrics feed into the Hot 100, and with “Cruel Summer” improving or holding steady in all three areas, it seems likely that the tune will soar to the summit on the most competitive songs chart in America in just a few days.
While all signs point to “Cruel Summer” becoming the next No. 1 on the Hot 100, nothing is certain until Billboard announces the winner in a few days. Swift still faces competition from some major players in the industry and some huge hits, and anything can happen. So, who does Swift have to beat to conquer the Hot 100 again?
Drake currently rules the Hot 100 with his new No. 1 debut, “First Person Shooter.” The latest focus track from his new album For All The Dogs opened atop the tally as the full-length tops the Billboard 200. The song is the rapper’s lucky thirteenth leader on the tally and the first for featured act J. Cole. “First Person Shooter” could conceivably hold onto the top spot, or Drake might actually replace himself at No. 1.
Another song from For All The Dogs, “IDGAF,” has been gaining in its second week of availability. The track, which features Yeat, opened at No. 2 on the Hot 100, where it sits at the moment. It seems unlikely, but there’s a real chance that “IDGAF” could replace “First Person Shooter” on the Hot 100’s throne, making Drake one of a very small number of acts in U.S. history to swap one winner for another.
Doja Cat could also possibly return to the No. 1 spot on the Hot 100 with her single “Paint the Town Red.” The tune has already spent several weeks running the show, and it’s the highest-ranking non-Drake smash on the Hot 100. This week, it’s been pushed down to No. 4, so it doesn’t have far to climb once Drake’s For All The Dogs songs descend…if they do descend, that is.
SZA is also looking to snag her third No. 1 hit with “Snooze.” The latest single from her album SOS has come tantalizingly close to the highest rung on the tally, as it’s topped out at No. 2, where it ranked last frame. Once Drake’s new hits step out of the way, as many are expected to after this week, SZA will have another real shot at claiming another champion. Even if “Snooze” doesn’t make it to No. 1 next turn, it’s still one to watch.
