TITLE: The flirty comment Taylor Swift made to celeb pal Blake Lively in the stands at MetLife Stadium while watching Travis Kelce play for Chiefs

DESCRIPTION:
Taylor's latest night out at MetLife Stadium in New Jersey set the internet ablaze, as she partied with the likes of Sophie Turner, Sabrina Carpenter and Ryan Reynolds in a suite while watching the Chiefs.

CONTENT:
By Ben Nagle For Dailymail.Com 
 Published:  09:17 EST, 2 October 2023   |  Updated:  10:43 EST, 2 October 2023   

 445
View  comments

This is the moment Taylor Swift gushed over her new boyfriend Travis Kelce with celeb pal Blake Lively while watching him play for the Kansas City Chiefs on Sunday.
Taylor's latest night out at MetLife Stadium in New Jersey set the internet ablaze, as she partied with the likes of Sophie Turner, Sabrina Carpenter and Ryan Reynolds in a suite while watching the Chiefs-Jets game.
The music superstar has stayed very coy about her romance with the pro football player thus far, but she was spotted during the game leaning across to her actress friend Lively, whispering 'look at him'.
As you'd expect, fans went wild after seeing the clip air live on NBC, with one writing on Instagram: 'She literally can't believe she's with the hottest athlete.'
Another, meanwhile, added: 'She is as smitten as a kitten.'
Taylor Swift was caught by NBC's cameras turning to Blake Lively and saying 'look at him' 
Taylor appeared to enjoy her second visit in a week watching new beau Travis Kelce play
Kelce (right) leads his Kansas City Chiefs players out for the game against the New York Jets
Taylor's presence at MetLife is expected to have prompted the largest TV audience of any NFL game this season, with the cameras regularly cutting to her suite to catch her reaction to the game.
After the game, it is believed that Swift and Kelce left the stadium separately, with the NFL tight end sticking with his teammates and boarding the Chiefs bus.
Taylor, meanwhile, headed onto private members club Zero Bond in New York City, where she continued the party into the small hours of the morning.
Diehard football fans tuning into the Jets-Chiefs game, meanwhile, were left frustrated by the fanfare surrounding Taylor Swift and her new romance.
It appeared the regular checks on Taylor's suite were a constant source of frustration for those tuning in solely to watch Kansas City face off against New York.
Football fans took to social media in their droves to share their thoughts, with one writing: 'Please don't play a Taylor Swift on your TV drinking game... you'll be hospitalized, if you aren't already.' 
Taylor was also spotted chatting to Brittany Mahomes - wife of Chiefs quarterback Patrick
Kelce's Chiefs won the game against the Jets, taking them to 2-0 in the games Taylor has seen
Some fans had tuned in purely to watch the football, and not the fanfare surrounding it
Many believed the players should have been shown immediately after the first touchdown
Another added: 'These Taylor Swift cutaways during Chiefs games have got to go.'
While much of the buildup surrounded the potential of the pop sensation being at the stadium, the most furious reaction came after the Chiefs' first touchdown, when cameras immediately cut to Taylor and her celebrity pals in their suite.
Given it was Isiah Pacheco scoring the points rather than Kelce, some fans were left furious, claiming they should have instead shown the players celebrating on the field. 
The Jets-Chiefs game on Sunday night was the second in the space of a week that Swift has dominated, after she turned up at Arrowhead last Sunday to watch her man score a touchdown in the 41-10 beatdown of the Bears.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group