TITLE: T-Minus Travis! Chiefs star Kelce arrives back to his hotel in New Jersey in Taylor Swift's Range Rover - with just hours to go before music megastar watches him take on the Jets at MetLife Stadium

DESCRIPTION:
Kelce was seen arriving at his hotel in the popstar's SUV - hours before his team takes on the New York Jets in a game which has sparked as much excitement among Swifties as NFL fans.

CONTENT:
By Laura Parnaby For Dailymail.Com 
 Published:  14:17 EST, 1 October 2023   |  Updated:  19:09 EST, 1 October 2023   

 846
View  comments

Travis Kelce has been spotted arriving back at his New Jersey hotel in Taylor Swift's Range Rover, after he is believed to have spent the night at her apartment. 
The 33-year-old tight end was glimpsed entering the Envue Hotel in Weehawken just before 1pm on Sunday ahead of Kansas City Chiefs' clash with the New York Jets at MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford. 
With kick-off due at 8.20pm, the game has sparked as much excitement among Swifties as NFL fans amid rumors the Eras megastar will be supporting Kelce's team from the sidelines.
After spending Sunday in Manhattan with Swift, the Chiefs legend appeared back at the hotel and legged it into a small side entrance, where an employee was waiting with a door held open for him.
Wearing a black t-shirt and cap, the 6-foot-5 athlete attempted an inconspicuous arrival after arriving in Swift's SUV. 
Travis Kelce was glimpsed entering the Envue Hotel in Weehawken just before 1pm on Sunday ahead of the Kansas City Chiefs MetLife Stadium clash with the New York Jets 
The 33-year-old tight end was spotted arriving at the hotel in Taylor Swift 's Range Rover 
Meanwhile, Taylor Swift was spotted indulging in a girls' night out with her pals Blake Lively and Sophie Turner in New York City on Saturday night 
A female fan wearing a Swiftie t-shirt was waiting outside with her pet bulldog in the hope of catching sight of the latest high-profile celebrity couple. 
And she's not the only fan eagerly awaiting the game. 
News of the popstar's likely appearance at the Sunday game at MetLife Stadium - the same sprawling venue where she performed as part of her Eras Tour in May - has sent her hefty fanbase into an online frenzy. 
Taylor Swift spent two whirlwind nights in Kansas City getting to know her new beau Travis Kelce earlier this week 
Swift sat beside Kelce's mother Donna in a suite during the Chiefs' victory over the Chicago Bears last week, and she left the arena with the player. 
She was last spotted indulging in a girls' night out with her pals Blake Lively and Sophie Turner in New York City on Saturday night. 
They dined that evening at the Soho eatery Emilio’s Ballato with Brittany Mahomes, the wife of Travis' teammate Patrick Mahomes, according to a report in Page Six. 
The Italian eatery is owned by the smoldering chef Emilio Vitolo Jr., who hit the headlines a few years ago because of his brief romantic involvement with Katie Holmes.
While dashing off to dinner at Emilio's Ballato this Saturday night, Taylor could be spotted holding hands with Blake, who has been a close pal of hers for years. 
In fact, their Saturday night outing comes just hours after Taylor attended the seventh birthday party of Blake's daughter Inez, whom she shares with her husband Ryan Reynolds.
Taylor famously also released a song in 2020 called Betty, named after Blake and Ryan's third daughter, who is now three years old.
By the way: The 33-year-old pop superstar is rumored to be attending her new boyfriend Travis Kelce 's NFL game Sunday night across the Hudson River
Looking fab: Amid the swirling public drama, Sophie grabbed a breather with her girlfriends, stepping out in New York on Saturday night in a sleekly revealing ensemble
Taylor's presence at the football game sent shockwaves throughout the football and pop worlds when she was seen cheering Travis on next to his parents. Pictured with Travis' mom Donna  
Meanwhile, Taylor has been cultivating a blossoming friendship with Sophie amid the latter's divorce from their mutual ex Joe Jonas.
Taylor, who briefly dated Joe in the summer of 2008, has written multiple songs that are rumored to be about him, including the scathing Better Than Revenge.
Joe and Sophie married in 2019 and separated this month, since when they have been waging a bitter custody battle that has unfolded in the headlines.
Their principle bone of contention appears to be where their two young daughters will live, with Joe arguing for the US and Sophie pulling for her native UK.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group