TITLE: Taylor Swift Breaks The Record For The Largest Vinyl Sales Week Ever With ‘1989 (Taylor’s Version)

DESCRIPTION:
Taylor Swift's 1989 (Taylor's Version) has sold at least 580,000 copies on vinyl alone in less than a week, which is a new record in America.

CONTENT:
Inglewood, CA - August 07: Taylor Swift performs during The Eras Tour at SoFi Stadium in Inglewood ... [+] Monday, Aug. 7, 2023.  (Allen J. Schaben / Los Angeles Times via Getty Images)
Taylor Swift's 1989 (Taylor's Version) is rewriting the record books once again, this time on the vinyl front. The re-recorded version of her pop masterpiece 1989, released just a week ago, has broken the all-time record for the largest sales week on vinyl in U.S. history.
According to Billboard, which cites data from Luminate, 1989 (Taylor's Version) achieved the remarkable feat of selling 580,000 copies on vinyl in its first six days of availability. That’s the largest sales week for a vinyl album since Luminate began tracking sales in 1991.
The previous modern-era vinyl sales record was previously held by Swift, so the singer-songwriter breaks her own record. Before the arrival of 1989 (Taylor's Version), that honor was held by her most recent album of all original material, Midnights. The set sold 575,000 copies in its opening week in late October 2022.
What may be even more impressive is that 1989 (Taylor's Version)’s total first-week sales sum isn’t clear just yet. The numbers reported are only as of the first six days the title was available. That 580,000 sum will likely climb, raising the record even higher.
In the first six days following its release, 1989 (Taylor's Version) sold over 1.1 million copies in the United States alone, including all formats. When considering total equivalent album units earned—including streaming activity as well—that figure climbs to over 1.3 million copies.
One of the factors contributing to her incredible vinyl success was the variety of vinyl variants offered for 1989 (Taylor's Version). Buyers had the option to choose from several different colors, and it’s likely that many dedicated supporters purchased multiple copies, further bolstering the impressive sales figures.
With the album's extraordinary sales performance, Swift is poised to score yet another No. 1 on the Billboard 200 chart. It's virtually guaranteed that 1989 (Taylor's Version) will debut at the top, as it has already moved over one million copies—something almost no one left in the music industry can manage these days. The title will mark her thirteenth chart-topping album, the third-most of all time.
