TITLE: Taylor Swift Ties Mariah Carey As Her Latest Single Continues To Climb

DESCRIPTION:
Taylor Swift's "Cruel Summer" rises to a new peak on the Hot 100, and it's continued ascent helps her make history.

CONTENT:
CINCINNATI, OHIO - JUNE 30: EDITORIAL USE ONLY Taylor Swift performs onstage during "Taylor Swift | ... [+] The Eras Tour " at Paycor Stadium on June 30, 2023 in Cincinnati, Ohio. (Photo by Taylor Hill/TAS23/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management )
Taylor Swift’s "Cruel Summer" has been steadily climbing the ranks on the Hot 100 for a while now, and this time around it rises to a new peak. As the tune continues its ascent, Swift finds herself in the company of some legendary artists, matching one in particular for the first time.
This week, “Cruel Summer” soars to new heights, landing in the No. 4 spot on the Hot 100. Just last week, the song had been at No. 6, so it enters the top five on the ranking of the most-consumed tunes in the U.S. for the first time.
Now that “Cruel Summer” has become Swift’s latest top five smash on the Hot 100, the singer ties with Mariah Carey for the second-most placements in the region among women. The two powerhouses have both sent 27 tracks into the arena, according to Billboard.
The only woman who has scored more top fives on the Hot 100 is Madonna, and she’s not ahead by much. Swift and Carey are just one win behind the Queen of Pop at the moment.
Swift and Carey's impressive record places them side-by-side in fourth place among all artists with the most top five hits on the Hot 100. Drake stands ahead of everyone else with a remarkable 36 appearances in the top five. In an interesting twist, Swift's rise is mirrored by Drake's continued success, as he and Travis Scott's latest single, "Meltdown," makes its debut at No. 3 on this week's chart, so he ups his count as well.
The Beatles hold the second spot among artists with the most top five hits on the Hot 100. They managed to send 29 songs into the upper echelons of the chart, with most of them reaching the coveted No. 1 position.
Looking ahead, Swift's trajectory appears clear, and it’s only a matter of time before this ranking changes again. As she inches closer to Madonna's record, the possibility of Swift tying, and then passing, the superstar seem likely. She will also almost surely match and then beat The Beatles as well.
That said, whether or not she can catch up to Drake is unclear. While names like Carey, Madonna and The Beatles haven’t added another top five hit in quite some time, Drake regularly sends songs toward the top of the tally, and he and Swift are now in a race against one another.
