TITLE: Taylor Swift Extends Her The Eras Tour Again, And She’s Finally Headed To Canada

DESCRIPTION:
The singer-songwriter has added 15 shows to her tour in both the U.S. and Canada for late in 2024.

CONTENT:
GLENDALE, ARIZONA - MARCH 17: Editorial use only and no commercial use at any time.  No use on ... [+] publication covers is permitted after August 9, 2023. Taylor Swift performs onstage for the opening night of "Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour" at State Farm Stadium on March 17, 2023 in Swift City, ERAzona (Glendale, Arizona). The city of Glendale, Arizona was ceremonially renamed to Swift City for March 17-18 in honor of The Eras Tour. (Photo by John Shearer/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management)
Taylor Swift has once again shocked her fans by extending her highly acclaimed The Eras Tour. The singer-songwriter has taken her tour to new lengths—and places—by announcing more than a dozen additional shows, bringing the biggest tour in memory to eager audiences across the United States and Canada.
On Thursday, August 3, Swift surprised her devoted followers with the news of 15 new concerts added to The Eras Tour lineup by posting about it on social media. These added shows include Miami, New Orleans and Indianapolis. Swift is set to perform three shows in a row in each city, ensuring that her fans have ample opportunities to see her live.
One of the most exciting developments revealed today is Swift's decision to take The Eras Tour to Canadian soil for the first time. Swift is breaking new ground by including Toronto in her tour itinerary. To make up for her early absence, she is going above and beyond by treating Canadian fans to an incredible six consecutive shows in the major metropolitan area.
While Swifties around the world are undoubtedly overjoyed by this news, they will need to exercise patience as they await the arrival of these eagerly anticipated concerts. The newly added shows are scheduled to take place in October and November of 2024. Registration to learn more and gain early access to ticket purchasing is now open on Swift's official website.
The inclusion of Canadian stops on The Eras Tour comes as a relief to none other than Canada's Prime Minister. Just last month, he reached out to Swift via social media, expressing his country's desire to host her on the tour. In a tweet, he playfully referenced Swift's own lyrics, saying, "It’s me, hi. I know places in Canada would love to have you. So, don’t make it another cruel summer. We hope to see you soon."
