TITLE: Even Christopher Nolan Is Praising Taylor Swift And Her Concert Film

DESCRIPTION:
Taylor Swift's star power is not only undeniable in the world of music but also on the big screen.

CONTENT:
TOPSHOT - US singer Taylor Swift arrives for the "Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour" concert movie world ... [+] premiere at AMC The Grove in Los Angeles, California on October 11, 2023. (Photo by VALERIE MACON / AFP) (Photo by VALERIE MACON/AFP via Getty Images)
Taylor Swift's star power is not only undeniable in the world of music but also in the film world as well. The singer-songwriter's concert film, Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour, has taken the global box office by storm, and even acclaimed filmmaker Christopher Nolan is singing her praises.
Nolan, a highly regarded director and a likely Oscar nominee in a few weeks, recently shared his admiration for Taylor Swift and the impact she's making in the entertainment industry. During an event promoting his film Oppenheimer, Nolan couldn't help but commend the singer for her unique approach to distributing her concert film.
"Taylor Swift is about to show the studios," Nolan declared, adding, “her concert film is not being distributed by the studios, it’s being distributed by a theater owner, AMC, and it’s going to make an enormous amount of money.” He was spot-on about the financial success of her latest project, and also that studios that have typically wielded an incredible amount of power when it comes to distributing movies may now have to rethink their place in the film ecosystem.
Nolan's praise for Swift extended beyond her financial prowess, which is grand enough to warrant applause from movie industry insiders. “And this is the thing: This is a format, this is a way of seeing things and sharing stories, or sharing experiences, that’s incredibly valuable,” the director and screenwriter continued, and he’s certainly right about the valuable part, if nothing else.
The filmmaker's support for Swift didn't stop there. He made it clear that no matter the studio, there is a place for Swift's work in the industry. "And if they don’t want it, somebody else will. So that’s just the truth of it," Nolan affirmed.
Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour made an impressive impact at the global box office from the moment it hit theaters. In its opening weekend, it became the top-grossing title in the world, earning over $123 million globally. The North American box office alone contributed nearly $93 million to that total. With these figures, Swift’s new movie has already secured its place in history as the highest-grossing concert film in U.S. history.
Nolan is busy promoting Oppenheimer, which became something of a surprise box office smash this summer. It competed directly with Barbie, and the pairing of the two dissimilar pictures likely helped both perform better than they might have without the marketing ploy. Oppenheimer is likely headed for a number of Academy Award nominations, including Best Picture, Best Director, Best Actor and perhaps many more.
