TITLE: Couple's 2020 Taylor Swift-Travis Kelce Halloween costumes break internet for predicting romance

DESCRIPTION:
A Oklahoma couple&apos;s last minute 2020 Halloween costumes recently broke the internet after the couple dressed up as Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift.

CONTENT:
Makayla and Nick Stephens went viral after a 2020 Instagram picture resurfaced of the couple dressing up as Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce for Halloween. (Makayla Stephens via Instagram)
An Oklahoma couple who dressed up as Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce for a 2020 Halloween party has gone viral on social media, with users saying that couple predicted the celebrity romance nearly three years prior. 
Makayla Stephens told Fox News Digital that she first made a TikTok video detailing her costume after seeing couple costume ideas on her feed.
"I was thinking about it, and it connected that we had already done it [the costume]," Stephens said. "And my husband was asleep, and I woke him up and said, ‘baby, this is going to be a trend. And we already did it. We did it three years ago.’'"
Makayla and Nick Stephens in their 2020 couple costume of Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce. (Makayla Stephens via Instagram)
After posting a three-minute video of her and her husband's costumes, the post quickly went viral with over 100,000 views and hundreds of comments.
"It's been madness," Stephens added.
She said that the idea for the Swift and Kelce couple costume came "completely accidentally" after being invited to a last minute Halloween party at her in-laws house.
JESSIE JAMES DECKER ADVISES TAYLOR SWIFT ON DATING AN NFL STAR AMID TRAVIS KELCE ROMANCE: ‘A DIFFERENT WORLD’
"It was actually like completely accidental," Stephens said. "We had been invited to a last minute family Halloween gathering, and they told us that we needed to be costumes."
It was actually like completely accidental.
"We really just scrounged through our closet. And my husband has always been a big Kansas City Chiefs fan and Taylor Swift had just released Folklore," Stephens said. "I was trying to see which different type of Taylor I could be, and I ended up going with Lover Era Taylor."
Makayla and Nick Stephens at Taylor Swift's The Eras Tour in Kansas City. (Makayla Stephens via Instagram)
The couple said that no one was impressed with their costume when they arrived at the 2020 Halloween party.
TRUMP WEIGHS IN ON TAYLOR SWIFT RELATIONSHIP WITH NFL STAR TRAVIS KELCE, PREDICTS IF RELATIONSHIP WILL LAST
"It was so funny because nobody at the party was very impressed with their costume.They really aren't great. They were pretty terrible," Stephens admitted, laughing. "But now, three years later, it's turned into something we could never have imagined."
The Oklahoma couple is huge Kansas City Chiefs fans. (Makayla Stephens via Instagram)
Following the Oct. 14, 2020, party, the couple posted on Instagram photos of their costumes. Nick was sporting Kelce's No. 87 jersey, and Makayla wore pink with a glittery heart around her eye — just as Swift did in her Lover album cover.
TRAVIS KELCE RESPONDS TO MARK CUBAN'S SUGGESTION TAYLOR SWIFT DUMP CHIEF'S STAR FOR MAVERICKS PLAYER
"I don’t know any world in which Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce would be in the same room together, but apparently in this one they’re married?'" Makayla joked in the caption of her Instagram post.
Amid the recent news that Taylor and Travis may be dating, Makalya's post (Makayla Stephens via Instagram)
Amid the recent news that Taylor and Travis may be dating, Swift's massive fan base, known as Swifities, said that the Stephens' predicted the romance. 
"I give you all the credit," one commenter wrote. "Well done."
CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP
"So we all have you to thank?" another wrote.
"She literally spoke it into existence," one wrote, referring to rumors that Swift and Kelce are dating.
Sarah Rumpf-Whitten is a breaking news writer for Fox News Digital and Fox Business. 
She is a native of Massachusetts and is based in Orlando, Florida.
Story tips and ideas can be sent to sarah.rumpf@fox.com and on X: @s_rumpfwhitten.
Fun stories about food, relationships, the great outdoors and more.
Subscribed
You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!