TITLE: Stevie Nicks References Taylor Swift As She Discusses The Future Of Fleetwood Mac

DESCRIPTION:
"When I think about Taylor Swift’s song ‘You’re on Your Own, Kid’ and the line ‘you always have been,’ it was like, that was Christine and I.”

CONTENT:
Taylor Swift performs with Stevie Nicks (R) at the 52nd annual Grammy Awards in Los Angeles on ... [+] January 31, 2010.      AFP PHOTO/ROBYN BECK (Photo credit should read ROBYN BECK/AFP via Getty Images)
Some bands continue performing live and making new music after the passing of a member, while others see it as a natural ending point. It seems that Fleetwood Mac may be done with, choosing to see the loss of Christine McVie as a likely conclusion for the Grammy-winning group.
In a recent interview with Vulture, rock icon Stevie Nicks candidly discussed the future of Fleetwood Mac following the devastating passing of singer-songwriter and longtime band member McVie, in November 2022. Nicks wasn’t coy, and it seems that she feels that the band may have reached the end of the road.
Reflecting on the profound impact of McVie's death, Nicks expressed her deep sense of loss and the unique bond she shared with her late bandmate. "When Christine died, I felt like you can’t replace her. You just can’t," Nicks revealed. "She was like my soul mate, my musical soul mate, and my best friend that I spent more time with than any of my other best friends outside of Fleetwood Mac.”
Nicks went on to emphasize the irreplaceable role that McVie played in the band's dynamic, both musically and personally. "Without her, what is it? You know what I mean?”
The rocker then referenced Taylor Swift in her memorial, adding, "When I think about Taylor Swift’s song ‘You’re on Your Own, Kid’ and the line ‘you always have been,’ it was like, that was Christine and I.” Nicks went on to add that she felt that “We were on our own in that band. We always were. We protected each other."
Nicks seemed to suggest that if Fleetwood Mac did perform together again, they wouldn’t feel right using the songs that McVie wrote. "Christine was the pop star. She wrote all those really super pop hits. None of the rest of us could write those songs,” Nicks admitted. “What would happen is we’d have to take the songs out, like we did when she actually retired for 18 years. We couldn’t re-create those songs. So we became a much more hard-rock band.
It seems that Nicks is not alone in her feeling that Fleetwood Mac may be done with. Her comments are similar to those shared by fellow band member Mick Fleetwood earlier in 2023 when he conveyed that the loss of McVie may be it for the group. "I think right now, I truly think the line in the sand has been drawn with the loss of Chris," Fleetwood stated. "I’d say we’re done, but then we’ve all said that before. It’s sort of unthinkable right now."
