TITLE: Taylor Swift’s ‘The Eras Tour’ Movie Will Become The Top-Grossing Concert Film Ever…In Just One Weekend

DESCRIPTION:
Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour could potentially become the highest-grossing concert film of all time with only its total North American numbers.

CONTENT:
INGLEWOOD, CALIFORNIA - AUGUST 03: EDITORIAL USE ONLY. Taylor Swift performs onstage during "Taylor ... [+] Swift | The Eras Tour" at SoFi Stadium on August 03, 2023 in Inglewood, California. (Photo by Emma McIntyre/TAS23/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management)
In just a few weeks, fans of Taylor Swift all around the world will get to watch her new movie Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour. The concert film is coming to theaters globally on October 13, and it is bound to become a box office smash. In fact, the title could very well make history with an eye-popping reaping in just a matter of days.
Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour is on track to become the highest-grossing concert film of all time, and it won't need long to capture that record. Currently, the highest-grossing concert movie in the United States is Justin Bieber's Never Say Never. That movie earned $73 million at the box office during its theatrical run.
Coming in just behind Bieber's movie is one from Michael Jackson. Following his passing, the superstar's This Is It made a little more than $72 million at the box office in North America alone.
Early projections for Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour’s first-weekend box office draw are upwards of $100 million. So, it seems that when including all pre-ordered tickets, the singer's first theatrical project will break Bieber's record in its first few days of availability.
When looking globally, Swift will also likely smash everyone else's best showing. In that case, Jackson and Bieber swap spots. This Is It earned just under $182 million worldwide at theaters, while Bieber's Never Say Never came in at just under $100 million.
Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour could potentially become the highest-grossing concert film of all time with only its total North American numbers. If the title is expected to pull in around $100 million in its first weekend, that sum could climb considerably, depending on how long it lives in theaters. The movie is likely to run for a few weekends, if not months, and it could bring in $125 million or more domestically.
The superstar recently announced that Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour is not just set to play North America, as was initially the case. Now, the film will hit theaters in more than 100 countries, playing in most of them on the same day. There's no telling how much bigger Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour could become in terms of its finances, but looking at Jackson and Bieber's performances, it's safe to assume that the project will likely earn at least 30% of its North American total around the world, adding to its overall box office pull..
On the low end, Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour could make $130 million, based on simple predictions, and that number could be after only a week or two. It wouldn't be odd to see the movie rake in $150 million, looking at early ticket sales and the past performance of similar releases from the biggest names in music.
Whatever the final total ends up being, one thing is certain: Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour is about to become the highest-grossing concert film of all time, and it probably won't be close.
