TITLE: ‘Need Taylor Swift’: Moments After the Devastating Finish, Undaunted American Captain Zach Johnson Baffles Golf Fans

DESCRIPTION:
The first day out on the Italian greens turned out to be a nightmare for the US Ryder Cup Team. Not only did the Europeans script their dominance in the first half of the game with 4-0, but they also proved their potential in the second half of the game with a final 6.5-1.5. However,&#8230;The post ‘Need Taylor Swift’: Moments After the Devastating Finish, Undaunted American Captain Zach Johnson Baffles Golf Fans appeared first on EssentiallySports.

CONTENT:
Follow Us
via Reuters
Golf – The 2023 Ryder Cup – Marco Simone Golf & Country Club, Rome, Italy –
September 26, 2023 Team USA captain Zach Johnson during a press conference ahead
of the 2023 Ryder Cup REUTERS/Guglielmo Mangiapane
The first day out on the Italian greens turned out to be a nightmare for the US Ryder Cup team. Not only did the Europeans script their dominance in the first half of the game with 4-0, but they also proved their potential in the second half of the game with a final score of 6.5-1.5. However, despite failing to shush the European audience with their skills, US Captain Zach Johnson seems to have his boys’ back.
America’s Favorite Video Today
Seemingly undaunted, the captain had words of appreciation to shower on his teammates. As the players prepare to redeem themselves and try to overpower the European squad, Zach Johnson’s words might come in handy. However, until now, this positive reinforcement hasn’t seemed to have the same effect on the fans. They can’t help but be baffled by the 47-year-old’s remarks.
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
With zero matchup wins in their pocket until now, the American side looks completely run over by the home team. Where the European side had all its senior players displaying exceptional skills on the tricky course, the same could hardly be said about the US stars.
In the morning foursomes, from World No. 1 Scottie Scheffler to the senior members of the side like Rickie Fowler and Jordan Spieth, no one could display their control of the game. None of the four pairings could even compete with their assigned opponents until the last 18th hole. If the foursomes were an indication, the afternoon four-ball worsened the scenario for the American men.
November 18, 2023 06:23 am EDT
November 21, 2023 01:00 pm EDT
November 22, 2023 09:01 pm EDT
November 19, 2023 11:56 pm EDT
November 23, 2023 11:39 pm EDT
Get instantly notified of the hottest Golf stories via Google! Click on Follow Us and Tap the Blue Star.
Follow Us
Despite grabbing 1 and a half points, the proper dominance of the US team was still too bleak to be noticed. Yet, despite a subpar performance by his side, captain Zach Johnson came forward to support his players. Through a tweet by NUCLRGOLF, Zach Johnson’s statement regarding the teammates came forth, stating, “Despite the scoreboard, I’m still extremely proud of what they’ve done.”
🚨 “Despite the scoreboard I’m still extremely proud of what they’ve done.” —Zach Johnson
— NUCLR GOLF (@NUCLRGOLF) September 29, 2023

Seemingly, the golfer was referring to the slight comeback his team has made on the challenging greens. And while the leader’s backing appears to be great, the fans online seem hardly impressed by the American Ryder Cup side’s efforts. Putting forth their honest opinion, the golf lovers shared a common reaction of astonishment at Johnson’s unexpected support.
‘Unless His Game’: While America Misses Him, Tiger Woods’ Dark Belittling Rory
McIlroy Confession Resurfaces
Under the tweet of Zach Johnson’s statement, the golf fans seemed to have a unanimous response. From expressing utter astonishment at the faith the captain was displaying in his team to mentioning of what the team could have done better, people had multiple replies to put forward to the American side.
One spectator in particular, referring to the underwhelming gameplay of the US team, commented about pop icon Taylor Swift’s presence at the biennial event being the only help Team USA could reach out to now. He wrote, “We need Taylor Swift.”
We need Taylor Swift.
— GOLF INJURY REPORT (@InjuryReportPGA) September 29, 2023

Other fans mentioned how the team should have been inclined more toward experienced players like Dustin Johnson and Bryson DeChambeau, despite their connection to the controversial LIV Golf.
Should have picked DJ and Bryson
— Joel Richardson (@joelrich4goblue) September 29, 2023

The golfer’s lack of winning spirit dissatisfied one viewer. Targeting Johnson’s selection, the fan called out the captain for being responsible for the current situation of the US team.
I see @ZachJohnsonPGA embracing the participation trophy. Well I guess when it’s your fault Team USA lost the tournament on day one, you’ve got nothing left but to hope they win one of his matchups
— ArrowheadLoud (@ArrowheadLoud) September 29, 2023

Zach Johnson’s choice of words amused another fan. Picking on his “proud of what they’ve done” part of the statement, the golf lover replied in an arguably unimpressed tone:
What have they done?
— Cʜᴜᴄᴋ ᴅᴏᴜɢʟᴀs ✪ (@ChuckDouglas_) September 29, 2023

ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
Resonating the emotions of several other fellow fans, another viewer targeted Johnson for backing his members on the subpar display of skills. He expressed concern about the golfers having done nothing impressive to win the favor of their leader, commenting:
Proud of getting steam rolled and embarrassed?
— nilla (@nilla_nate) September 29, 2023

ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
While the American side will look for a revival on Day 2 of the biennial tournament, the European side will be confident enough to continue their dominant lead. With that, do you agree with your fellow fans, questioning the confidence displayed by Zach Johnson? What about the backing of the captain for his experienced side? Let us know in the comments.
Watch this story | Tiger Woods’ Niece Once Took Fearless Stand to Change the Game
The Fan's Perspective
Enjoyed Your Read? Let us know how likely you are to recommend EssentiallySports to your friends!
1
2
3
4
5
Least Likely
Most Likely
Submit
ADVERTISEMENT
Written by:
Areeba Basharat
413Articles
One take at a time
Edited by:
Sheldon Pereira
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT