TITLE: Taylor Swift Ties The Record For The Most Album Of The Year Grammy Noms Among Women

DESCRIPTION:
Taylor Swift collects her sixth Album of the Year Grammy nomination, tying Barbra Streisand for the most nods among women ever.

CONTENT:
TOPSHOT - Taylor Swift poses in the press room at the The 58th GRAMMY Awards at Staples Center on ... [+] February 15, 2016 in Los Angeles, California. AFP PHOTO/MARK RALSTON / AFP PHOTO / MARK RALSTON        (Photo credit should read MARK RALSTON/AFP via Getty Images)
Taylor Swift’s latest full-length album of original material, Midnights, is a contender for the Album of the Year Grammy. This comes as a surprise to absolutely no one, as the set was named as a likely nominee from the moment it dropped — and perhaps even earlier. With another chance to win the prestigious prize, the singer-songwriter ties one of the most important all-time records of her career.
Midnights marks Swift's sixth Album of the Year nomination at the Grammys. With this latest nod, she ties Barbra Streisand for the most nods in the category among women.
Swift has thus far been nominated for her albums Fearless, Red, 1989, Folklore, Evermore and now Midnights.
For her part, Streisand earned nods for her collections The Barbra Streisand Album (which won), People, My Name Is Barbra, Color Me Barbra, Guilty, and The Broadway Album. The last time she was up for the prize was back in 1987, but since then, she's collected nods in other fields.
Swift has already won Album of the Year three times — a record among all performers. She's currently on the same level as Frank Sinatra, Stevie Wonder and Paul Simon. Midnights is a serious competitor for the Grammy, and she could become the first artist to take home the trophy for a fourth time in only a matter of months.
Midnights is one of eight titles vying for the Album of the Year Grammy. Swift is up against new collections from Jon Batiste, Boygenius, Miley Cyrus, Lana Del Rey, Janelle Monáe, Olivia Rodrigo and SZA. The winners of the upcoming Grammy Awards will be revealed on February 4, 2024.
