TITLE: A Taylor Swift-Themed Cruise Will Set Sail In 2024

DESCRIPTION:
For Swifties who couldn’t attend the Eras Tour, you could trade friendship bracelets at sea, instead. Learn about the Taylor Swift-themed cruise setting sail in 2024.

CONTENT:
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA - MARCH 24: EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NO BOOK COVERS. Taylor Swift performs onstage ... [+] during the "Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour" at Allegiant Stadium on March 24, 2023 in Las Vegas, Nevada. (Photo by Ethan Miller/TAS23/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management)
For the Swifties that couldn’t make it to the Eras Tour, you could trade friendship bracelets at sea, instead. A travel agency is planning a Taylor Swift-themed cruise that will launch from Miami in the fall of 2024.
The fan-led cruise, organized by Marvelous Mouse Travels, will take place aboard the Royal Caribbean Allure of the Seas. The four-night Bahamian cruise will depart from Miami on Oct. 21, 2024 — just one day after the superstar’s final Eras Tour show following a three-day stop in the 305.
“Whether you've got tickets to the tour or not, we invite you to join us for a fan sponsored amazing time!” wrote travel agents Jessica Malerman, Nicole Rivera, and Shelby Reyes on a website dedicated to the excursion. "Join us as we celebrate all things Taylor, make new friends, dress up in our favorite eras, trade friendship bracelets, and enjoy everything this amazing ship has to offer.”
The besties are working with Royal Caribbean to plan “Taylor events every night of sailing.” Fans can expect a welcome cocktail party, friendship bracelet swapping, a themed dance party, karaoke and Taylor Trivia. Oh, and they can also dress up in nightly eras outfit themes.
NASHVILLE, TENNESSEE - SEPTEMBER 20: NSAI Songwriter-Artist of the Decade honoree, Taylor Swift ... [+] performs onstage during NSAI 2022 Nashville Songwriter Awards at Ryman Auditorium on September 20, 2022 in Nashville, Tennessee. (Photo by Terry Wyatt/Getty Images)
Wondering how to purchase tickets for the Taylor Swift-themed cruise? According to the website, there is currently a waitlist for all three room options, which range from $1,500 to around $2,100. As of Nov. 15, Marvelous Mouse Travels posted that there are still rooms available but they’re now pulling from a waitlist.
“We still have staterooms to book, so if you haven't heard back from us yet - don't panic! We just don't want to set unrealistic expectations for anyone as they find us in the coming days and want in,” Malerman wrote in the Facebook group for hopefuls looking to take part in the Swiftie-led cruise. The travel agency added in the post that they got additional rooms from Royal Caribbean at a higher rate, so the new price should be reflected on their info page.
For fans hoping to catch a glimpse of Swift or her Kansas City Chiefs boyfriend Travis Kelce on the cruise, you’re out of luck. The website explicitly states that the trip is not endorsed or affiliated with Taylor Swift or her management.
The 12-time Grammy winner was recently named a billionaire by Forbes in October 2023. She’s currently on the international leg of her successful Eras Tour in South America. Next week, the singer will be honored with a Taylor Swift-themed night on Dancing With the Stars.
