TITLE: Zach Bryan Matches One Of BTS And Taylor Swift’s Most Impressive Billboard Feats

DESCRIPTION:
The rising country star has stepped up to the big leagues following the release of his new album and hit single.

CONTENT:
LEXINGTON, KENTUCKY - JUNE 03: Zach Bryan performs on the first day of the 2023 Railbird Music ... [+] Festival at The Infield at Red Mile on June 03, 2023 in Lexington, Kentucky. (Photo by Erika Goldring/WireImage)
After years of being a rising talent in the music industry, Zach Bryan is officially a star. The singer-songwriter is back with a new album, and the masses have rushed to snap it up in huge numbers. The country and rock musician rules the two most important Billboard charts this frame, and in doing so in the exact manner he’s managed, Bryan has made history and matched a feat reserved for only the biggest names in the business.
Bryan claims the No. 1 position on both the Billboard 200 and the Hot 100 charts. The former ranking focuses on the most-consumed albums, and Bryan’s self-titled new collection opens in first place with 200,000 equivalent units shifted. The Hot 100 is a list of the most-consumed songs in the U.S., and his single “I Remember Everything” with Kacey Musgraves launches ahead of every other title.
It’s not odd for a popular musician to claim the No. 1 spot on either the Hot 100 or Billboard 200, or even both at the same time, but Bryan’s titles debut in the same space…at the same time. This is relatively uncommon, and only a handful of artists have managed this specific showing. In fact, Billboard reports that this has only happened nine times in history, and Bryan is just the fifth act to do so.
As he debuts at No. 1 on both the Hot 100 and Billboard 200 simultaneously, Bryan joins the likes of Taylor Swift, BTS, Drake, and Future in this showing. Swift was the first to do so, and she made history back in 2020 when her album Folklore and its lead single “Cardigan” launched in first place on their respective charts. Amazingly, the pop and country superstar has gone on to replicate this showing three more times, accounting for about half of all instances of this feat taking place.
Drake is the only other artist aside from Swift to debut at No. 1 on the Hot 100 and Billboard 200 at the same time more than once. He did so in 2021 with his album Certified Lover Boy and its single “Way 2 Sexy” with Future and Young Thug. He then managed to do so again the following year with Honestly, Nevermind and its biggest hit, “Jimmy Cooks” with 21 Savage.
BTS was the second act to follow Swift, and they scored a No. 1 on both charts in 2020 with their short album Be and its single “Life Goes On.” Future is also a member of this club, as his album I Never Liked You launched at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 in 2022, as did the song “Wait For U” with Tems and Drake.
