TITLE: ‘Obsessed’ With 12x Grammy Awardee Taylor Swift, Kobe Bryant’s 20 YO Daughter ‘Screams’ in Delight After Massive Unveiling

DESCRIPTION:
Taylor Swift is all set to take over all the music charts this month with her new release. Recently, the singer revealed the release of her new album. Fans are thrilled to hear about the news. And one of them is the late legend Kobe Bryant’s eldest daughter.  Kobe’s daughter Natalia Bryant has long appreciated&#8230;The post ‘Obsessed’ With 12x Grammy Awardee Taylor Swift, Kobe Bryant’s 20 YO Daughter ‘Screams’ in Delight After Massive Unveiling appeared first on EssentiallySports.

CONTENT:
Follow Us
via Imago
Image courtesy: Imago
Taylor Swift is all set to take over all the music charts this month with her new release. Recently, the singer revealed the release of her new album. Fans are thrilled to hear about the news. And one of them is the late legend Kobe Bryant’s eldest daughter. 
America’s Favorite Video Today
Kobe’s daughter Natalia Bryant has long appreciated and admired the 12-time Grammy Awardee. The 20-year-old model was also present during ‘The Era Tour.’ She was seen wearing a purple cardigan in honor of the concert. 
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
This year seems to be quite exciting for the fashion model. For her summer internship, she had the opportunity to work for music icon Beyonce. Well, as a student at the University of Southern California, Natalia has been keeping up with her education as well.
 



Get instantly notified of the hottest NBA stories via Google! Click on Follow Us and Tap the Blue Star.
Follow Us
via Imago
Former NBA player Kobe Bryant, his wife Vanessa L and their daughters Natalia and Gianna R attend the premiere of the sci-fi motion picture fantasy A Wrinkle in Time at the El Capitan Theatre in the Hollywood section of Los Angeles on February 26, 2018. Storyline: After the disappearance of her scientist father, three peculiar beings send Meg, her brother, and her friend to space in order to find him. PUBLICATIONxINxGERxSUIxAUTxHUNxONLY LAP2018022689 JIMxRUYMEN
But all of that could not stop her from showing love to her favorite singer. Ever since the music sensation Taylor Swift dropped the news of her latest album’s release, fans have been finding it hard to contain their excitement. And the fashion enthusiast’s obsession with Swift is not a secret.
 
 
 
A post shared by Taylor Swift (@taylorswift)

 Immediately, Natalia took to Instagram to share her excitement. Sharing the post of Swift’s new album 1989(Taylor’s Version) on her IG story, she wrote, “Screaming!!!!”
“WTF”: Disgruntled NBA Fans Unleash Wrath On $16,000,000-Rich Company After
Massive Kobe Bryant News Hits Online Platforms
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
Surprisingly, music and sports came together to create a wonderful moment back in 2015. During one of Swift’s concerts in Los Angeles, Kobe Bryant appeared on the stage taking the entire audience by surprise. This was Swift’s 16th sold-out performance at the Staples Center and coincidentally, the Los Angeles Lakers also had 16 championships during that time.
And what could be more glorious than the Laker’s legend himself taking on the stage to celebrate this extraordinary moment? In honor of the icon’s music, the athlete revealed a sweet surprise. A special banner to celebrate her achievement. 
WATCH THIS STORY: This 6-Inch Michael Jordan Item Sparks Frenzy With 75000 Price Tag at the 2023 National
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
Bryant took to his social handle to share a photo from the concert and captioned, “Friends hang from time to time but banners hang forever.”
Did you know about this special moment? What do you think about this story? Do tell us in the comments
The Fan's Perspective
Enjoyed Your Read? Let us know how likely you are to recommend EssentiallySports to your friends!
1
2
3
4
5
Least Likely
Most Likely
Submit
ADVERTISEMENT
Written by:
Pritha Debroy
570Articles
One take at a time
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT