TITLE: Taylor Swift’s Viral Era: a Timeline

DESCRIPTION:
Fan demand broke Ticketmaster, and that was just the prologue. These are the moments that turned the Eras Tour into a phenomenon.

CONTENT:
By Matt StevensAug. 11, 2023

	Fan demand broke Ticketmaster, and that was just the prologue. These are the moments that turned the Eras Tour into a phenomenon:


	March 17


	Glendale, Ariz.


Taylor returns to the stage. After five years away, she dives right in.


	April 3


	Arlington, Texas


Taylor appears to be secretly wheeled to the stage inside a janitor cart.


	April 8


Taylor’s long-term relationship with Joe Alwyn is reportedly over.


	April 10


	Tampa, Fla.


Taylor gets a key to the city from Tampa’s mayor. Soon, other government officials will be falling all over themselves to welcome her in similar fashion.


	April 24


	Houston


Taylor cuts her hand. Speculation ensues. Taylor says she “tripped on my dress hem and fell.”


	May 3


Taylor reportedly begins dating Matty Healy of the 1975. Many fans are unhappy.


	May 5


	Nashville


Taylor announces that “Speak Now” will be her next rerecorded album.


	May 6


	Taylor’s apparent new man, Matty, is spotted at tour stops and even performs.


	May 7


Taylor gets her first “rain show” — and a weather delay.


	May 12


	Philadelphia


“Taylor-gating” takes over the parking lot.


	May 13


Taylor defends a fan, demanding that a security guard stand down as she sings “Bad Blood.”


	May 15


	Taylor concertgoer Keith Urban shares a video of himself fanboying. Phoebe Bridgers and Bo Burnham are seen together in the background. Sparks (and rumors) fly.


	May 20


	Foxborough, Mass.


Taylor performs in a “full on deluge.”


	Taylor is said to be cursing N.B.A. teams in the playoffs.


	May 21


Taylor’s “haunted” piano malfunctions.


	May 26


	East Rutherford, N.J.


	Taylor is joined onstage by Ice Spice. The rapper had earlier become entangled in the Swiftie war over Matty Healy.


	May 27


Taylor inspires Aaron Rodgers to shake it off.


	June 2


Taylor says she’s taking her tour abroad.


	June 4


	Chicago


Taylor swallows a bug.


	June 5


Taylor tops the charts (again), fueled by two expanded editions of “Midnights.”


	Taylor and Matty split, reports say.


	June 20


Taylor’s international tour expands.


	June 24


	Minneapolis


Taylor performs “Dear John” as a surprise song (cc: John Mayer). She urges fans to show “kindness” and “gentleness” when she releases the rerecorded version.


	June 30-July 1


	Cincinnati


Taylor coming to town drives up the cost of local hotels.


	July 4-7


	Taylor enjoys Independence Day with the girlies during what is declared to be a “single summer.”


	July 7


	Kansas City, Mo.


Taylor’s version of “Speak Now” debuts — with a changed (and some say “unfortunate”) lyric.


Taylor Lautner, a Swift ex, joins her onstage to much fanfare.


	July 12


	Taylor’s impact on the Philadelphia economy is noted by the Federal Reserve.


	July 15


	Denver


Taylor faithful keep a concert going on a delayed flight.


	July 17


	Taylor’s version of “Speak Now” debuts at No. 1. She becomes the woman with the most chart-topping albums in history, and holds four of the top 10 spots in the Billboard 200 for the week.


	July 19


	Seattle


	Taylor fans’ need for friendship bracelets causes a spike in sales at a local bead store.


	July 22 and 23


	“Taylor-quakes” rock Lumen Field.


	July 26


	Taylor can’t connect with Travis Kelce, who had hoped to slip her his number.


	Aug. 2


Taylor gives every tour truck driver $100,000.


	Aug. 3


Taylor adds more North American tour dates.


	Aug. 9


	Inglewood, Calif.


	Taylor announces that “1989 (Taylor’s Version)” is coming as she closes the initial leg of her tour. The stars came out to see her off.


	Up next: Aug. 24


	Mexico City


	Taylor is taking two weeks off before the tour’s international leg starts. Time to begin again.




How Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour Conquered the World
The pop star’s record-breaking, career-spanning show has dominated the summer, commanding attention and whipping up demand at a level thought unachievable in a fragmented age.
By Ben Sisario
Aug. 5, 2023
Whenever possible, dates listed refer to the actual day each event occurred. In cases where the exact timing of the event is unclear, the date listed refers to the day that story bubbled up online.Images: @jaked0713/Pop Nation, via TMX; Delna Jijina/@delji5 via TikTok; City of Tampa; Lisa Lake/TAS23, via Getty Images for TAS Rights Management; Kory Aversa/@phillypublicist via TikTok; Briana Layfield/@brilayfield via TikTok; @swiftieboston via X; @ezbaxz2/Pop Nation, via TMX; @CatalinaGarciaH/Pop Nation, via TMX; @falenkdwb via TikTok; @ashpoursdrinks via TikTok; Jutharat Pinyodoonyachet for The New York Times; @irene._.kuo/Pop Nation, via TMX; Kevin Winter/TAS23, via Getty Images for TAS Rights Management Produced by Lucky Benson, Elizabeth Bristow and Tala Safie.