TITLE: Taylor Swift’s ‘The Eras Tour’ Earns $26 Million In Presale Tickets—AMC’s Single-Day Record

DESCRIPTION:
AMC Theaters said it will add additional showtimes to “increase capacity where necessary and available” because of “unprecedented demand.”

CONTENT:
Taylor Swift’s upcoming film of her Eras Tour—Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour—earned $26 million in single-day ticket sales at AMC Theaters, the company announced Friday, breaking AMC’s record for single-day ticket sales previously held by Spider-Man: No Way Home.
AMC Theaters said it will add additional showtimes to “increase capacity where necessary and ... [+] available” because of “unprecedented demand.”
Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour brought in the record-breaking $26 million dollars less than three hours after advance tickets went on sale, according to AMC Theaters, which noted it will add additional showtimes to “increase capacity where necessary and available” because of “unprecedented demand.”
Spider-Man: No Way Home—which recorded $1.9 billion at the box office—previously held AMC’s single-day ticket sale record of $16.9 million in 2021, the company said.
Taylor Swift’s concert film is expected to surpass $100 million in opening weekend sales, according to Variety, which would make it the highest-grossing concert film over the $73 million earned by Justin Bieber: Never Say Never.
AMC noted that free movie passes will not be accepted for Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour, while its “Stubs A-List” members will also not be allowed to use their membership to reserve tickets.
Shares of AMC Entertainment Holdings rose just over 2.5% after Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour was announced, reaching as high as $14.04.
$1.4 billion. That’s how much the Eras Tour is expected to bring in when it ends in August 2024.
Swift is the third-richest self-made woman under 40 with an estimated net worth of $740 million as of June 1, according to our estimates.
Tickets for Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour went on sale Thursday morning, shortly after the film was announced by Swift, who said the Eras Tour was “the most meaningful, electric experience of my life so far.” The film is produced by Swift’s production company and directed by Sam Wrench, who previously directed Billie Eilish: Live At The O2 and Lizzo: Live In Concert. AMC said hours after the tickets went on sale that it had “upgraded its website and ticketing engines” in an effort to handle “more than five times the largest influx of ticket-buying traffic the company has ever experienced before.”
Taylor Swift’s ‘The Eras Tour’ Movie Coming To Theaters—Joining Justin Bieber, BTS And Miley Cyrus On The Big Screen (Forbes)
‘Taylor Swift: Eras Tour’ Film Earns Record-Breaking $26 Million In Presales At AMC Theaters (Variety)
