TITLE: The Beatles Dethrone Taylor Swift On Spotify

DESCRIPTION:
The Beatles are back with their first new single in decades, and their fans are showing up to support the tune.

CONTENT:
19th May 1967:  The Beatles celebrate the completion of their new album, 'Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts ... [+] Club Band', at a press conference held at the west London home of their manager Brian Epstein. The LP is released on June 1st.  (Photo by John Pratt/Keystone/Getty Images)
The Beatles are back with their first new single in decades, and their fans are showing up to support the just-released tune. The legendary rock band is proving their power as "Now and Then" arrives on Spotify's rankings of the most-streamed songs all around the planet, and the group has even managed to best the biggest star in the world... at least in one place.
"Now and Then" was the No. 1 most-streamed song in the U.K. on Spotify on Thursday, November 2. The track racked up just under 387,000 streams in less than a full day. It pushes Taylor Swift's new track "Is It Over Now?" down from the top spot. On the same day, that track earned another 383,000 streams.
The Beatles' last single is not just performing well in the U.K., though that is where the track is doing the best, which is understandable as they remain perhaps the most successful musical act to emerge from that nation. The cut debuts at No. 71 on the same chart in the U.S. That's much lower than the No. 1 starting point it managed in the U.K., but it's still the top launch from Thursday, November 2. In America, "Now and Then" earned a little more than 450,000 streams upon its arrival.
Globally, "Now and Then" has also earned a warm reception. On Spotify's ranking of the most-streamed tracks in the world, The Beatles' new single starts its journey at No. 42. The tune launches with a little more than two million streams.
All these streams, paired with what appear to be very healthy sales on platforms like iTunes, will likely make "Now and Then" a chart hit in a few days. The tune could bring The Beatles back to songs charts in many countries, including the U.S. and the U.K., where the tune might perform the best.
"Now and Then" was released nearly 30 years after The Beatles' previous most recent single. It started as a demo by John Lennon, created after the band broke up. He died before he could finish the song, and his voice was too muffled on the original recording to use...until new artificial intelligence technology allowed it to be cleaned up. Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr reunited to finish the song, releasing it to the public on November 2.
