TITLE: Is Taylor Swift’s ‘Eras Tour’ Concert Movie Coming To Streaming Soon?

DESCRIPTION:
Since its theatrical release, the 'Eras Tour' film has been busy breaking box office records. Here's when Swifties may be able to stream the concert movie at home.

CONTENT:
TOPSHOT - US singer Taylor Swift arrives for the "Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour" concert movie world ... [+] premiere at AMC The Grove in Los Angeles, California on October 11, 2023. (Photo by VALERIE MACON / AFP) (Photo by VALERIE MACON/AFP via Getty Images)
Taylor Swift’s The Eras Tour film has been breaking box office records since it first hit theaters last month. Now, it’s the highest-grossing concert movie of all time — so when can Swifties expect the film to be available on streaming?
Update: The Eras Tour film will be released for streaming on Dec. 13, 2023 (which is also Swift’s birthday). The streaming version will also include songs from the tour that were not featured in the movie’s theatrical release.
“Well, so, basically I have a birthday coming up and I was thinking a fun way to celebrate the year we’ve had together would be to make The Eras Tour Concert Film available for you to watch at home!” the singer wrote via her social media accounts on Nov. 27.
She continued: “Very happy to be able to tell you that the extended version of the film including ‘Wildest Dreams,’ ‘The Archer’ and ‘Long Live’ will be available to rent on demand in the US, Canada & additional countries to be announced soon starting on … you guessed it, December 13.”
The film’s streaming rights were expected to be a “hot commodity,” according to The Hollywood Reporter, which reported that “practically every major service throwing their hat in the ring and entering into conversations with team Swift.”
Swift’s team was allegedly waiting for the SAG-AFTRA strike to end to begin negotiations. As part of Swift’s historic distribution deal with AMC Theatres — which bypassed traditional Hollywood studios — the film has to play in theaters for at least 13 weeks. That means that the earliest the movie could arrive on streaming is the weekend of Jan. 12.
TOPSHOT - A tub of popcorn in US singer Taylor Swift's merchandise is pictured during the "Taylor ... [+] Swift: The Eras Tour" concert movie world premiere at AMC Century City theatre in Century City, California on October 12, 2023. (Photo by Frederic J. BROWN / AFP) (Photo by FREDERIC J. BROWN/AFP via Getty Images)
In 2018 and 2020, Swift partnered with Netflix
NFLX
 to release her Reputation Stadium Tour concert film and Miss Americana documentary, respectively. She also teamed up with Disney+ in 2020 for Folklore: The Long Pond Studio Sessions.
If The Eras Tour film isn’t immediately available on streaming, fans may have to purchase the movie on Amazon Prime Video, YouTube, Apple
AAPL
 TV, or Vudu once a digital release date is set.
The Eras Tour film has already helped Swift achieve her billionaire status. An estimated $35 million from the first two weeks of screenings added to the 33-year-old’s billion-dollar fortune. Based on the AMC agreement, Swift earns 57% of ticket sales, while theaters keep the remaining 43% of revenues, per Variety.
KANSAS CITY, MISSOURI - JULY 08: (EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NO BOOK COVERS.) Taylor Swift performs onstage ... [+] during night two of Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour at GEHA Field at Arrowhead Stadium on July 08, 2023 in Kansas City, Missouri. (Photo by Fernando Leon/TAS23/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management)
"The Eras Tour has been the most meaningful, electric experience of my life so far and I’m overjoyed to tell you that it’ll be coming to the big screen soon," Swift penned on Instagram when announcing the film. "Eras attire, friendship bracelets, singing and dancing encouraged,” the singer added.
The Eras Tour film has collected $166 million in domestic sales and more than $230 million globally since its premiere according to Box Office Mojo. Some news outlets initially reported that the film would be pulled from theaters on Nov. 5, but AMC clarified that the date referred to the cutoff for the first run of tickets when presales began.
We’ll keep you updated as we learn more.
