TITLE: Taylor Swift Attends Travis Kelce's Kansas City Chiefs Game

DESCRIPTION:
Taylor Swift is officially in the building, ready to watch Travis Kelce and the Kansas City Chiefs in person for the third time in four weeks. Swift just walked into Arrowhead Stadium, where Travis and company are set to take on Russell Wilson and&hellip;

CONTENT:
UPDATE
6:08 PM PT -- Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce's mom, Donna, look thick as thieves ... because Taylor gave Donna one of her famous friendship bracelets.
Pretty ingenious way to get in tight with the family, right?!?
5:00 PM PT -- Taylor Swift is watching the game from Travis Kelce's suite ... sitting next to his mom, Donna.
It's the same suite Taylor was in the first time she watched Travis and the Chiefs play ... so we'll see if she's a good luck charm again, and it seems she's cool with Travis' mom, which is always important.
Taylor Swift is officially in the building, ready to watch Travis Kelce and the Kansas City Chiefs in person for the third time in four weeks.
Swift just walked into Arrowhead Stadium, where Travis and company are set to take on Russell Wilson and the Denver Broncos. Taylor walked through security with a giant smile on her face while wearing a red Chiefs jacket.
Taylor's had a wild 24 hours ... shutting down The Grove shopping center in Los Angeles Wednesday for the premiere of her "Eras Tour" movie.
Taylor posed for pics, chatted with fans and even spent some time with Beyoncé at the premiere. She hopped on a jet out of L.A. and arrived in Kansas City just a few hours ago for the big game.
As we reported, Travis' status was previously "questionable" for the game, as he was battling an ankle injury ... but he's officially gotten the green light.
Taylor previously attended Travis' Week 3 matchup against the Chicago Bears, then followed the team to New Jersey to watch them play the Jets in Week 4. She skipped out last weekend when the team was in Minnesota.
While Taylor and Kelce have been relatively quiet on their relationship status, we've heard from sources the two had been hanging out for months before she attended his first game.
We should note ... the Chiefs haven't lost since Taylor was first in attendance, so we'll see how this one plays out.
Originally Published -- 4:33 PM PT