TITLE: Taylor Swift’s ‘The Eras Tour’ Concert Film Has Already Passed $100 Million—And It Hasn’t Opened Yet

DESCRIPTION:
Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour is already one of the highest-grossing concert films of all time, and it hasn't hit theaters just yet.

CONTENT:
(Editorial use only and no commercial use at any time. No use on publication covers is permitted ... [+] after August 9, 2023.) Taylor Swift performs at the Taylor Swift "The Eras Tour" held at Allegiant Stadium on March 24, 2023 in Las Vegas, Nevada. (Photo by Christopher Polk/Penske Media via Getty Images)
From the moment she announced her upcoming Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour concert film, Taylor Swift was always headed for a massive debut...but few could have predicted just how large that sum would become. Now, before the title has even reached theaters, it has already surpassed an incredible milestone.
With about a week to go until its cinematic release, Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour has already exceeded $100 million in advance ticket sales globally. That figure was shared by AMC Theatres, and it includes all chains and locations that will be showing the movie. AMC is distributing Swift’s film.
With $100 million already earned in presale tickets, Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour stands as one of the most successful concert films of all time...and it hasn’t even opened yet. Only a handful of concert-focused movies have passed that milestone, and it’s likely that Swift’s is the first to do soil with presales alone.
Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour shows a slightly truncated version of Swift’s current trek, The Eras Tour. The movie was shot at several of her Los Angeles, CA concerts, which took place in August. The venture has proved to be one of the most successful of all time, and it’s still just getting started.
Swift is on a break from her The Eras Tour, which has wrapped its American leg—the first one, at least. She just concluded her concerts in Mexico, and will soon head to South America. The trek picks back up in 2024, and she’ll take her shows to Europe and Asia, before returning to the U.S. for a few more ending dates later in the year.
By the time Swift is done with The Eras Tour, it will become the highest-grossing concert tour of all time. Current projections estimate that it will become the first such venture to pass $1 billion in ticket sales, and by the time it’s done with, that final figure will be much higher.
Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour is set to hit theaters on October 13. The movie is set to premiere in 100 countries, with almost all of their receiving the film at the same time, though a few nations will have to wait a few weeks.
Swift’s movie has been breaking and resetting records and expectations since tickets first became available. It notably established a single-day ticket sales record for AMC Theatres in North America, raking in an impressive $26 million. Swift’s achievement surpassed the previous all-time benchmark for the company, which had been held by Spider-Man: No Way Home. That animated movie once brought in $16.9 million in ticket presales in a single day.
