TITLE: Taylor Swift Could Be Your Next (AI) Girlfriend

DESCRIPTION:
The AI app DreamGF.ai has extended a $2 million offer to artist Taylor Swift for the rights to use her likeness on its platform.

CONTENT:
GLENDALE, ARIZONA - MARCH 17: Editorial use only and no commercial use at any time.  No use on ... [+] publication covers is permitted after August 9, 2023. Taylor Swift performs onstage for the opening night of "Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour" at State Farm Stadium on March 17, 2023 in Swift City, ERAzona (Glendale, Arizona). The city of Glendale, Arizona was ceremonially renamed to Swift City for March 17-18 in honor of The Eras Tour. (Photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management)
Taylor Swift is hotter than ever, and now one company that’s focused on how to use artificial technology to change people’s lives is hoping to involve the pop superstar to make some lonely people very happy...and the firm is serious enough to put its money where it’s AI-generated mouth is.
The AI app DreamGF.ai has reportedly extended a $2 million offer to Swift for the rights to use her likeness on its platform. The app allows users to interact with AI-generated chatbot-style girlfriends, and can also create various forms of content with those likenesses.
In a letter addressed to Swift's management team (which was first reported by AI News), DreamGF.ai expressed its interest in working with Swift and using her image to “not only enhance our user experience but also shed light on the responsible ways AI can be integrated into modern entertainment.”
The message sent by the AI company to Swift and her team made clear that the offer was solely to use her image and likeness on this chatbot-focused program, and not another one that it operates that allows users to create much more graphic content using real people’s faces and bodies. The letter stipulates that Swift’s imagery would only be used “in a manner that is dignified and reverent,” should she agree to the deal.
“Our platform is resolute in prioritizing ethics and safety, going above and beyond to ensure that AI companionship remains respectful and positive. Taylor's association will further amplify our mission of promoting healthy interactions in the digital sphere,” DreamGF.ai’s letter states.
For some musicians, the offer of $2 million might be tempting, but it’s highly unlikely that Swift will even consider the plan. She’s earning more than that every night on her The Eras Tour, and she’s set to bring in tens of millions more from her upcoming concert film, Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour, which arrives in theaters later this month.
