TITLE: Levi’s Stadium: Santa Clara fines Taylor Swift’s pyrotechnics company for curfew-breaking fireworks

DESCRIPTION:
Taylor Swift's Santa Clara shows ended after the 11 p.m. curfew last weekend.

CONTENT:
When Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour stopped at Levi’s Stadium in Santa Clara last weekend, the pop star captivated the audience as she closed her sold-out shows with a bang, shooting off a cascade of fireworks.
Fans were thrilled. The city, not so much.
Now, Santa Clara is issuing a $2,000 fine against Pyrotek, the pyrotechnics company used by Swift, for setting off the fireworks after 11 p.m.
The city has an 11 p.m. curfew for concerts at Levi’s Stadium, but Swift ended her show at 11:38 p.m. on Friday and 11:26 p.m. on Saturday, capping off her three-and-a-half-hour show with her hit song “Karma” from her 2022 album “Midnights” and a stream of fireworks behind her.
In an email, Santa Clara spokesperson Michelle Templeton said city staff is also reviewing whether there will be any other fines levied for the curfew-breaking show. But even if haters gonna hate, Swift herself will shake it off as it is the San Francisco 49ers — who manage the stadium for non-NFL events — who pay curfew-related fines, not the artists themselves.
“Any noise ordinance violations will be determined after a post-event review of recorded noise levels and noise complaints,” Templeton said. “Compiling this information may take a couple weeks.”
She said that previous concert fines for noise and curfew violations have ranged from $750 to $2,100. The Santa Clara Police Department’s dispatch didn’t receive any noise complaints for either of Swift’s concert dates, Templeton noted.
But while the jury is still out on whether the 49ers will incur a fine on Swift’s behalf, the city is taking action against Pyrotek for violating its permit by setting off fireworks after 11 p.m. The pyrotechnics company, which has done work for other artists such as Jennifer Lopez and the Jonas Brothers, will be fined $2,000 — $1,000 per night. Members of the Pyrotek team could not immediately be reached for comment.
The curfew at Levi’s Stadium has been a point of contention for years. In 2021, the Santa Clara City Council voted to extend weeknight curfews for five shows a year from 10 p.m. to 11 p.m. The weekend curfew for Friday and Saturday, however, remained at 11 p.m.
While the city is still weighing whether or not to fine the 49ers over the curfew, Mayor Lisa Gillmor asserted that the team will be fined.
“These neighborhood protections were agreed to by the 49ers and the city as conditions of development of the stadium,” Gillmor wrote in an email. “It was a compromise for building a stadium near residential areas. Keeping in mind that it takes approximately two to four hours after an event to clear the stadium, these protections are reasonable for our residents.”
A spokesperson for Levi’s Stadium said in a statement that they are “focused on what’s actually important here —The Eras Tour brought millions of dollars in economic impact to Santa Clara’s local businesses, residents, and working families, and entertained more than 100,000 fans. We’re grateful Taylor Swift chose to perform at Levi’s Stadium and can’t wait to welcome other major artists to our community in the coming weeks.”
Councilmember Suds Jain didn’t weigh in on whether the city should issue the 49ers a fine but said he would be open to looking at a change in the weekend curfew.
“If we can get these big shows and make some money for the city, it’s something the city could look at,” he said.
Related Articles
Music |  

			Travis Kelce says he’ll be having a Thanksgiving dinner of KFC without Taylor Swift		


Music |  

			The holidays push Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce to new relationship milestone		


Music |  

			Everything you need to know about the Taylor Swift themed Cruise		


Music |  

			‘Best husband’ pays for dozens of strangers to join his wife at Taylor Swift movie		


Music |  

			Grammy nominations 2024: Here are the top nominees		

The San Francisco 49ers have alleged in the past that the curfew has cost the city millions in revenue. In 2017, Ed Sheeran dropped Levi’s Stadium from his tour dates because of the 10 p.m. curfew. His current tour, however, is set to come to Santa Clara next month.
The city has issued citations in the past for breaking the Levi’s Stadium curfew, fining the 49ers $1,000 each time in 2017 after both U2 and Coldplay broke the 10 p.m. curfew.
The fine against Pyrotek, and the possibility of another one yet to come for the 49ers, is in stark contrast with city officials’ attitude towards Swift’s visit over the last several weeks.
Santa Clara rolled out the red carpet for the pop star, making her honorary mayor and ceremonially renaming the city “Swiftie Clara.” Swift even addressed the accolades during her second night at Levi’s Stadium.
“It’s really nice of your city to do that,” she said. “Very, very cute. It’s certainly wonderful because I have missed you so much. I haven’t seen you guys in like five years in this capacity.”