TITLE: Chiefs' Travis Kelce admits NFL may be 'overdoing' Taylor Swift coverage; league denies claim

DESCRIPTION:
It turns out that there may be too much Swelce happening. At least, according to the Chiefs tight end.

CONTENT:
Too much TayTay?
The romance between music superstar Taylor Swift and football superstar Travis Kelce has been on the front and back pages of nearly every major newspaper and website since rumors first surfaced in September.
It turns out, though, that there may be too much Swelce happening. At least, according to the Chiefs tight end.
On the latest episode of the "New Heights" podcast featuring Kelce and his brother, Eagles center Jason Kelce, Jason wondered aloud if there was maybe too much of a focus on what's going on between the two. Travis didn't deny it.
"I think everybody's just overwhelmed with — I think it's fun when they show who all's at the game. But at the same time, I think they're overdoing it, especially with my situation (the reported romance with Taylor Swift)."
MORE: Travis Kelce's timeline of ex-girlfriends
Travis didn't speak much more on the subject afterwards, but the single line made it clear that he may be reaching a point of oversaturation
There's no such thing as bad publicity, and the NFL, Kelce and Swift have all reaped the benefits of the latest celebrity power couple. Kelce has gained a substantial amount of Instagram followers, while the NFL has come under fire for maybe playing a favorite to the Chiefs and Swifties everywhere.
The NFL is denying any kind of skullduggery as it pertains to Swift and Kelce, saying they're simply capitalizing on a pop-culture moment. The league issued a statement on their purported focus on the romance:
We frequently change our bios and profile imagery based on what’s happening in and around our games, as well as culturally. The Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce news has been a pop cultural moment we’ve leaned into in real time, as it’s an intersection of sport and entertainment, and we’ve seen an incredible amount of positivity around the sport.
The vast majority of our content has remained focused on the game, our players and variety of other initiatives, including our Toy Story Funday Football alt-cast, the international games and more.
It's hard to blame the league for attempting to target a previously underserved demographic, though. The Chiefs' win over the Bears ranked first among TV viewers in the 18-49 female demographic, which seems to be something of a rarity for the male-viewer-dominated sport.
Sunday night's NBC broadcast cut to Swift and friends in her luxury box roughly 17 times throughout the course of the game, seemingly taking away from the focus of the on-field product. It turned out to be a highly entertaining matchup between the two teams, resulting in a 23-20 KC win over the Jets.
MORE: Travis Kelce jersey sales skyrocket after 'SNF' game
The NFL also announced that the "Sunday Night Football" matchup between the Jets and Chiefs produced 27 million viewers.
It's safe to say not all of them tuned in to watch Zach Wilson.
Joe Rivera is a senior content producer at The Sporting News and teaches Multimedia Sports Reporting at his alma mater, Rutgers University.