TITLE: Fans Came Out to Celebrate the Release of “Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour” in Movie Theaters.

DESCRIPTION:
High ticket prices and a disastrous presale kept many fans from seeing the Eras Tour in person.

CONTENT:
Advertisement
Supported by
High ticket prices and a disastrous presale kept many fans from seeing the Eras Tour in person.
By Callie Holtermann
Reporting from AMC, Regal and Alamo Drafthouse movie theaters in Manhattan and Brooklyn
It was the night of Friday, Oct. 13, and Swifties were trading horror stories.
Fans of the pop star Taylor Swift spoke of sold-out arenas and endless Ticketmaster queues. In some cases, their nightmares had come true: They had not been able to secure tickets to the singer’s Eras Tour.
Those spurned fans appeared among the most eager to see the tour — or at least a version of it — when Ms. Swift’s concert film arrived in cinemas this week.
At theaters in New York, they clutched Taylor Swift-branded popcorn tubs and squeezed the ball gowns they were wearing between arm rests. If the film was not a perfect replacement for the full tour experience, several moviegoers said they considered it a decent consolation prize.
Vincent Dotoli stood several heads above a gaggle of sixth graders outside the AMC Lincoln Square 13. Mr. Dotoli, 54, a head of school in Harlem, had considered driving his daughter to Toronto for cheaper Eras Tour tickets, but prices “in the thousands” still proved prohibitive. She and five of her friends went to see the movie instead.
“I don’t actually know if they’d be that much more excited” to see the tour live, he said. Then he reconsidered. “I mean, yes, they would be more excited. But their enthusiasm is over-the-top for this.”
He added: “And I don’t have to drive to Toronto.”
We are having trouble retrieving the article content.
Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings.
We are confirming your access to this article, this will take just a moment. However, if you are using Reader mode please log in, subscribe, or exit Reader mode since we are unable to verify access in that state.
Confirming article access.
If you are a subscriber, please log in.
Advertisement