TITLE: Swifties are beyond excited as Taylor Swift kicks off her six nights at SoFi Stadium

DESCRIPTION:
We talked to fans who arrived hours before showtime about what this day and Taylor Swift mean to them.

CONTENT:
But for bad luck, Debbie Wacks and her daughter Bella Spencer would have seen Taylor Swift in concert twice by now.
Wacks tried to score tickets for the Reputation Stadium Tour at the Rose Bowl in 2018 but struck out.
They had tickets to Swift’s Lover Fest Tour, which would have opened SoFi Stadium in 2020, but the pandemic ended that dream.
So yeah, Spencer, Wacks and her sister Shari Wacks were more than a little bit excited Thursday afternoon, knowing that within hours they’d be screaming alongside 70,000 other Swifties as the biggest pop star in the world today took the stage for the first of six nights at SoFi Stadium.
“We wanted to be part of the vibe,” Debbie Wacks said of their decision to get to the stadium seven hours before Swift appeared. “We wanted to soak it up.”
They were far from the only ones doing just that, as thousands of fans started to arrive shortly after SoFi parking lots opened at noon Thursday.
Most came with someone close who shared their love of Swift and her music. Best friends. Sisters. Moms and dads and daughters. (The crowd was mostly female by a large margin.)
Savannah Knapp, 17, came with her sister Sadie Knapp, 31, both of them from Los Angeles. Savannah was a Swift show veteran.
“I saw her when I was 11 with the 1989 tour, and also when I was 3, I was with mom when she played Stagecoach,” she said.
Wednesday was Sadie Knapp’s first Taylor show, though at just two years younger than the star she’s long felt like their lives have moved along parallel lines.
“Her lyrics, you remember when you were going through the same things,” Sadie Knapp said. “We all grew up at the same time.
“Even when now she sings the older songs, it takes me back to when some guy back in middle school I liked didn’t like me back.
(For the record, the song “Enchanted” reminds Sadie of one of those bad boys, while “Style” does the same for the other.)
From the innocence of young love in her early albums to the thornier dilemmas of grownup life, Taylor has been part of her life, Sadie Knapp said.
“She’s grown into a woman and experienced more mature things with men,” she said. “It’s more painful than simple little crushes.”
Not that boyfriends and breakups are all that Swift sings about, noted Caroline Wood and Michelle Vo, both 19 of San Diego.
Wood had made a shirt to wear to the show that said, “Where’s the scarf, Jake?” a reference to the Swifties’ theory that the song “All Too Well” includes a veiled allegation that former flame Jake Gyllenhall stole Taylor’s scarf.
Taylor may be over the purloined scarf but Swifties quite clearly are not.
Vo said she and Wood are in the top .001 percent of Swift listeners on Spotify, which surely means an all-day every day kind of obsession.
“As she evolved as a songwriter, a lyricist, we evolved with her as well,” said Vo, who came dressed in tribute to various details from Swift’s “ Blank Space” video.
“She’s a girl’s girl,” Vo said. “She writes for us, not the way men view us.”
Nearly all of Swift’s set is tightly structured, though two surprise songs show up each show. Never repeated in other shows, Swift has delivered more than 90 unique surprise songs on tour so far.
All of which gave fans Thursday some hope that their favorite deep cuts might show up later that night.
We asked fans for their wish lists for the surprise spots and got a wide variety of resonates.
“110 percent ‘You Are In Love,’” Spencer said. “If she plays that tonight I’m going to lose (it).”
Julia Posillico, 14, of New York City, was hoping for “The Way I Loved You.” Her sister Colette Posillico wanted “Foolish One.”
Savannah Knapp wanted “New Romantics,” while her sister Sadie hoped for “Enchanted,” though if “Getaway Car” hadn’t already been played during an earlier tour stop that would have been her choice.
“Yeah, that was a bad day,” Savannah said of the day they saw “Getaway Car” show up in the set list.
For more, see: Swifties react to Taylor Swift dropping ‘1989 (Taylor’s Version)’ news during The Eras Tour
Almost all of the Swifties we talked to said they fully expected to be in tears at some point during the show. Maybe all points.
“As soon as she comes I’ll cry,” Wood said.
“I’ve heard how fans have had amnesia, it’s so overwhelming they can’t even remember the show,” Vo said. “I’m sure that’s going to happen to me.”
 