TITLE: Eleni Kounalakis hypocritically calls for Taylor Swift to cancel concerts after attending Taylor Swift concert

DESCRIPTION:
California needs better leadership and it’s not going to get it from politicians like Kounalakis who throw logic out the window to appease hysterical unions.

CONTENT:
Lt. Gov. Eleni Kounalakis, eager to demonstrate her Big Labor bonafides, really stepped in it with her recent call on singer Taylor Swift to postpone planned concerts in Los Angeles to appease a hotel workers union.
According to Politico, Kounalakis signed a letter signed by Democratic politicians like Asm. Isaac Bryan of Culver City – best known for his recent opposition to categorizing human trafficking of minors for sexual purposes as a “serious” crime – and Sen. Dave Min of Irvine – best known for his recent drunk driving arrest – calling on Swift to “support” striking hotel workers by putting off shows which begin Thursday.
“Hotel workers are fighting for their lives. They are fighting for a living wage. They have gone on strike. Now, they are asking for your support,” the lawmakers breathlessly wrote in the letter. “Speak Now! Stand with hotel workers and postpone your concerts.”
For related news, see: Politicians urge Taylor Swift to postpone LA concerts in solidarity with striking hotel workers
How, exactly, this would help the cause of hotel workers is a mystery. But it would certainly punish music fans looking for entertainment. This is understood by at least one Democrat, Sen. Josh Becker, who tweeted, “This seems like a bad idea to me. So many people have bought tickets, some overpaying on the resale market. Clearly we can find other ways to support the strikers that don’t dash the dreams of young fans who have been so looking forward to this concert.”
Alas, considering the union and politics involved, reason is too much to ask for.
For related news, see: Taylor Swift should ignore the hollow hysterics of Unite Here Local 11 and continue shows as normal
The union, Unite Here Local 11, has been known throughout Southern California for trying to force hotel establishments into unionization. One of its leaders is Ada Briceno, who happens to also be a leader of the Orange County Democratic Party.
Clearly, Kounalakis is trying to gain favor with the union and virtue signal to other unions since she is now also running for governor of California. As far as we can tell, Kounalakis’ most notable interaction with unions traces back to her 2019 arrangement of having unions help pony up hundreds of thousands of dollars to refurbish her office.
Now, she is illogically calling on Taylor Swift to punish her fans to somehow show support for union activists. In a wonderful demonstration of hypocrisy, Kounalakis joins this call despite having just attended a Taylor Swift show herself, according to Politico.
For related news, see: Hahn, Kounalakis urge Swift to call off SoFi concerts in support of striking hotel workers
This editorial board regrets this poorly thought out political stunt from Kounalakis and notes her hypocritical approach to politics. California needs better leadership and it’s not going to get it from politicians like Kounalakis who throw logic out the window to appease hysterical unions.