TITLE: NFL removes weird Taylor Swift reference from Instagram bio after backlash

DESCRIPTION:
The NFL on Monday faced some backlash over a bizarre &#8212; if not cringeworthy &#8212; addition to the one of the league&#8217;s official social media pages. Following the Kansas City Chiefs&#8217; win over the New York Jets on Sunday night, a line was added to the league&#8217;s official Instagram bio that read &#8220;chiefs are 2-0...The post NFL removes weird Taylor Swift reference from Instagram bio after backlash appeared first on Larry Brown Sports.

CONTENT:

The NFL on Monday faced some backlash over a bizarre — if not cringeworthy — addition to the one of the league’s official social media pages.
Following the Kansas City Chiefs’ win over the New York Jets on Sunday night, a line was added to the league’s official Instagram bio that read “chiefs are 2-0 as swifties.” That, of course, was a reference to the Chiefs being 2-0 since Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift began dating. Swift attended Sunday night’s game and Kansas City’s game against the Chicago Bears last week.
“2-0 as swifties”#NFL might be milking it too much now. pic.twitter.com/0BGPGqHVL0
— JPAFootball (@jasrifootball) October 2, 2023

Fans understandably went crazy. Members of the media also felt the stunt was a bad look for the NFL, which is not supposed to show any bias or favoritism with certain teams. It was not long before the line was removed.
Wow: The #NFL removed “chiefs are 2-0 as swifties” from their bio.
I guess they saw the backlash. pic.twitter.com/BgFqEyGEIu
— JPAFootball (@jasrifootball) October 2, 2023

The higher-ups at the NFL probably cringed like the rest of us when they saw that. Giving the Chiefs and their new super fan a shoutout would have already been a questionable move from the NFL, let alone after a game where Kansas City benefitted from some big controversial calls.
The NFL is getting as much mileage as possible out of Kelce dating Swift and Swift attending games. There are even reasons to believe the league helped set the whole arrangement up as part of some PR stunt. The NFL’s little Instagram shoutout will only fuel that narrative.
Christian McCaffrey has played like a well-oiled machine for the San Francisco 49ers all season long. Fans thought he literally looked like one Thursday against the Seattle Seahawks. McCaffrey took some damage during the first half at Lumen Field in…
Mississippi State interim head coach Greg Knox tookthe field in style before his team’s rivalry game against Ole Miss. Knox was seen revving up the engine of an ATV in the tunnel before the Egg Bowl at Davis Wade Stadium…
Dallas Cowboys cornerback Daron Bland made NFL history on Thursday against the Washington Commanders. CBS announcer Jim Nantz immortalized the moment on the Thanksgiving broadcast. The Commanders were facing 2nd-and-10 from the Cowboys’ 43 with less than 5 minutes left…
Dolly Parton stole the show on Thanksgiving with her halftime performance during the Dallas Cowboys-Washington Commanders game. The Cowboys blew out the Commanders in a 45-10 affair Thursday at AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Texas. Parton was able to spice up…
A new chapter was written Wednesday in the ongoing rivalry between Chris Paul and referee Scott Foster. Paul’s record in Foster-officiated playoff games has since gone viral. Paul was unceremoniously ejected with seconds to play in the first half of…
Nikola Jokic was accused of being “dirty” by some people over his exchange with Jalen Suggs on Wednesday night. Suggs’ Orlando Magic beat Jokic’s Denver Nuggets 124-119 at Amway Center in Orlando, Fla. The game was tied at 108 in…