TITLE: Inglewood tells Taylor Swift fans: No dancing in the middle of the parking lot at SoFi Stadium

DESCRIPTION:
Taylor Swift fans have taken to gathering outside her stadium shows to experience the music from outside. Inglewood says it won't allow that at SoFi Stadium.

CONTENT:
You may have seen one of the many videos circulating on social media of fans gathering outside a Taylor Swift concert, dancing and singing along to the sounds of her Eras tour. But bad news for Swifties in the Los Angeles area: If Inglewood has its way, you won’t get the chance to “Tayl-gate” at SoFi Stadium. 
In June Swifties assembled on the north and south lawns of Soldier Field in Chicago; in Philadelphia, Swift’s hometown, thousands of fans gathered in the parking lot of the Lincoln Financial Center. For people who couldn’t spend a chunk of cash on tickets, this was the next best thing: enjoying her music outside the venue’s walls, a practice that’s come to be known as Tayl-gating.
Ahead of the Eras tour show at SoFi Stadium, however, the city of Inglewood’s message is Tayl-gating “wouldn’t be effective here.”
Mayor James T. Butts Jr. said SoFi Stadium is a quarter-mile away from the sidewalk area that rings the property. The closest is on Prairie Avenue, and “the sidewalk of Prairie is not wide enough” for people to gather. 
The city already doesn’t allow people to block sidewalks, citing public safety concerns. If Swifties set up shop there, he said, they would be asked to move along.
And the chances of hearing Swift from Prairie Avenue would be slim. Butts said the sound would be faint that far away from the stadium. 
So what’s in between the stadium and the nearest sidewalk? Several of the stadium’s parking lots. But hanging out there without a ticket will be, shall we say, strongly discouraged.
As part of the guidance it’s offering attendees, SoFi reminds concert-goers that they’ll need a ticket to enter the stadium property.
 Entertainment & Arts 
Want to make an entire week out of Taylor Swift events? Here are some restaurants, bars and other creative spaces in Los Angeles getting in the Swiftie spirit.
Aug. 1, 2023
“SoFi Stadium reserves the right to confirm that guests have tickets at any time,” the SoFi website states.
It also notes that guests cannot remain in the parking lots or outside of the stadium once the show begins. 
“At the time of the headlining act, any guests in the parking lots or outside of the stadium will be asked to enter the stadium with their ticket,” it says. 
If someone doesn’t have a ticket, they “will be required to leave the property.”
But before you cue up “We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together,” check out the Swiftie community events being held throughout Los Angeles. Restaurants, hotels, theaters and more venues are hosting Taylor Swift events where you can celebrate with others who don’t have a ticket.
Times staff writer Jon Healey contributed to this report.
About The Times Utility Journalism Team
This article is from The Times’ Utility Journalism Team. Our mission is to be essential to the lives of Southern Californians by publishing information that solves problems, answers questions and helps with decision making. We serve audiences in and around Los Angeles — including current Times subscribers and diverse communities that haven’t historically had their needs met by our coverage.How can we be useful to you and your community? Email utility (at) latimes.com or one of our journalists: Jon Healey, Ada Tseng, Jessica Roy and Karen Garcia.
Start your day right
Sign up for Essential California for news, features and recommendations from the L.A. Times and beyond in your inbox six days a week. 
 You may occasionally receive promotional content from the Los Angeles Times.
Follow Us
Karen Garcia is a reporter on the Fast Break Desk, the team that has a pulse on breaking news at the Los Angeles Times. She was previously a reporter on the Utility Journalism Team, which focused on service journalism. Her previous stints include reporting for the San Luis Obispo New Times and KCBX Central Coast Public Radio.
 California 
Nov. 23, 2023
 California 
Nov. 22, 2023
 Climate & Environment 
Nov. 21, 2023
 Business 
Nov. 19, 2023