TITLE: Soaring Demand for Tickets to Jets–Chiefs Battle as Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift Script a Tsunami

DESCRIPTION:
Taylor Swift is still making waves in the football arena following her outing at the Kansas City Chiefs vs. Chicago Bears draw last Sunday. The 12-time Grammy winner’s splash at Arrowhead Stadium has certainly piqued the interest of both Swifties and Travis Kelce fans. The result? A mad rush for tickets for the Chiefs’ next&#8230;The post Soaring Demand for Tickets to Jets–Chiefs Battle as Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift Script a Tsunami appeared first on EssentiallySports.

CONTENT:
Follow Us
via Imago
Image Credits: Imago
Taylor Swift is still making waves in the football arena following her outing at the Kansas City Chiefs vs. Chicago Bears draw last Sunday. The 12-time Grammy winner’s splash at Arrowhead Stadium has certainly piqued the interest of both Swifties and Travis Kelce fans. The result? A mad rush for tickets for the Chiefs’ next outing against the New York Jets.
America’s Favorite Video Today
The game is certain to draw in fans of both the Chiefs and Jets. The aftereffects of Swift’s presence at the Chiefs-Bears can be felt in terms of ticket prices for the event. Average ticket prices rose a jaw-dropping 46.3 percent, according to sources.
‼️ | Demand for tickets to Sunday’s Jets-Chiefs game is SOARING and average ticket prices rose 46.3% due to @TaylorSwift13 and Travis Kelce.
— “Sold more than double the amount of tickets in a single day than any other day this season.” pic.twitter.com/7Nij0vBIqM
— Taylor Swift Facts (@blessedswifty) September 29, 2023
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad

According to media reports, Swift is supposed to be attending the Sunday game featuring the Chiefs and the Jets. The pop star will indeed be watching the game, a source said.
However, Swift’s representatives declined to comment on the issue, the media report said.
November 21, 2023 09:49 pm EDT
November 21, 2023 05:23 pm EDT
November 14, 2023 09:26 pm EDT
November 22, 2023 08:00 pm EDT
November 23, 2023 09:24 pm EDT
Get instantly notified of the hottest NFL stories via Google! Click on Follow Us and Tap the Blue Star.
Follow Us
Power Couple Patrick Mahomes And Brittany Gets Dwarfed By NFL’s Love Birds
Travis Kelce And Taylor Swift in 48 Hours
The rumored relationship between the tight end and the “Shake It Off” singer has fueled speculation and caused interest in the duo to spike. Swift wore Chiefs’ colors on the day she was in the stand cheering for the team.
Average ticket prices rose from $428.70 to $627.20 before they stabilized. The Jets sold more than double the number of tickets on a single day than any other day this season after Swift’s attendance was confirmed.
Swift is expected to get VIP treatment at MetLife Stadium, just as she had at Arrowhead. FOX Sports, which went full throttle to cover her at the Chiefs-Bears game, will also be looking forward to similar coverage.
USA Today via Reuters
NFL, American Football – Taylor Swift reacts while sitting next to Donna Kelce watching the Kansas City Chiefs vs Chicago Bears game during the first half at GEHA Field at Arrowhead Stadium, Kansas City, Missouri, USA | Image Credits: Denny Medley-USA TODAY Sports/Reuters
The pop sensation’s appearance at the Arrowhead Stadium and her alleged romantic relationship with Kelce had positive ramifications for all concerned parties.
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
The network had more than 24 million viewers for its telecast of the drubbing of the Bears at the hands of the Chiefs. The number is likely to grow. This also meant that this match was the most-watched NFL game on Week 3.
The results of Swift’s cheering on Kelce were felt far and wide. There was a 400% spurt in Kelce’s jersey sales and his podcast, which he hosts with brother Jason, ranked No. 1 on Apple. Significantly, there was a 63 percent spike in female viewership of the game.
Swift’s presence at the game has raised the profile of both the stars. It is expected to boost Kelce’s prospects after retirement. He has hinted that he might go into entertainment after his footballing stint.
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
The singer may not be the only celebrity in attendance at the Jets game. Quarterback Aaron Rodgers could attend the upcoming game. Who else do you expect to be there at the game? Let us know in the comments below.
Watch This Story: “Beat You”: Gymnastics’ Emerging Sensation Challenges Simone Biles for the Lead”
The Fan's Perspective
Enjoyed Your Read? Let us know how likely you are to recommend EssentiallySports to your friends!
1
2
3
4
5
Least Likely
Most Likely
Submit
ADVERTISEMENT
Written by:
Shubhankar Adhikari
12Articles
One take at a time
Edited by:
Amal Joyce
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT