TITLE: Kevin Costner Declares Himself a Swiftie, Raves About Taylor Swift Concert

DESCRIPTION:
Kevin Costner is a big-time Taylor Swift fan, and he doesn't care who knows it ... giving massive props to the singer after taking in one of her six record-setting shows in L.A. TMZ broke the story -- Kevin was in a private suite Monday at SoFi&hellip;

CONTENT:
Kevin Costner is a big-time Taylor Swift fan, and he doesn't care who knows it ... giving massive props to the singer after taking in one of her six record-setting shows in L.A.
TMZ broke the story -- Kevin was in a private suite Monday at SoFi Stadium with his daughter, Grace Avery, and a group of friends for Taylor's "Eras" tour.
Waiting for your permission to load the Instagram Media.
The concert buzz was apparently still running through Costner Thursday when he jumped on his Instagram to rave about the show, posting a series of videos with the caption, “My videos are blurry, but I had an amazing time with my daughter at the Taylor Swift show. I was absolutely blown away watching her art bring so many people together.”
Remember, we got video of the "Yellowstone" star jamming along to "We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together" -- a fitting anthem given the nasty state of his ongoing divorce with Christine Baumgartner.
But, Kevin wasn't done there ... he also wrote of the show, “I had a great view of her band and had a blast watching them, too,” he added. “An inspiring night. I’m officially a Swiftie!”
Monday marked the first time we'd really seen Kevin let loose since Christine filed for divorce back in May -- ending their 18-year union which produced 3 kids.
Christine cited "irreconcilable differences" as the reason for the split -- and it was just last month when a judge ordered Costner to pay $129,755 in child support ... a bargain compared to the $248,000 Christine was asking he pony up.
One thing's for sure, Taylor seemingly made Kevin forget all his trouble and bad blood with Christine ... at least for one night.