TITLE: Taylor Swift’s ‘Eras Tour’ Film Rakes In Record Sales—Beating Concert Movies By Bieber, Michael Jackson And More

DESCRIPTION:
A film documenting Taylor Swift’s megatour earned nearly $93 million from North American theaters in its first weekend—making it the biggest concert movie of all time.

CONTENT:
Taylor Swift’s concert film earned $92.8 million in domestic theaters during its three-day debut over the weekend, cementing the film’s place as the highest grossing concert film, the second-best ever domestic opening in the month of October and the seventh best opening day of 2023, according to AMC figures released to multiple news outlets.
Taylor Swift arrives for the "Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour" concert movie world premiere at AMC The ... [+] Grove in Los Angeles, California on October 11, 2023.
The Eras Tour movie became the highest-grossing concert film ever in just its first weekend, blowing by the $73 million lifetime gross of the Justin Bieber: Never Say Never movie, which was released in 2011 and previously held the record.
Michael's Jackson's This Is It grossed $72 million after its 2009 release, followed by the Hannah Montana and Miley Cyrus: Best of Both Worlds Concert movie, which grossed $65 million in 2008.
One Direction’s documentary-style film called This Is Us recorded sales of $28.8 million in 2013, Part of Me (Katy Perry's movie) grossed $25.3 million in 2012 and Jonas Brothers: The 3D Concert Experience grossed $19 million in 2009.
The film also released in the United Kingdom, Mexico, Australia, Germany and the Philippines last weekend, bringing in $123.5 million at the global box office, Variety reported—it will premiere in even more countries on November 3.
$26 million. That's how much Eras Tour earned in single-day ticket sales at AMC Theatres the day it was announced, breaking the record held by Spider-Man: No Way Home.
The Taylor Swift movie fell short of the predicted $100 million opening weekend, which some experts said could be attributed to the advanced sales leading to a lack of walk-up business, per the Hollywood Reporter. 
Eras Tour is the second highest-grossing movie of all time to debut in October, falling slightly behind Joker's $96.2 million million haul in 2019, and the Swift movie accounted for 69% of all box office earnings last weekend.The Exorcist: Believer was the second-highest grossing film of the weekend with $11 million, followed by PAW Patrol: The Mighty Movie's $7 million.
A branded "Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour" popcorn bucket. 
The Eras Tour film was produced by Swift's in-house tour production company and directed by Sam Wrench, who also made Billie Eilish: Live at the O2 and HBO-released Lizzo: Live in Concert. The 165-minutes movie documents Swift’s tour—which includes music from all 10 of her albums released over 17 years. The tour wrapped up its first U.S. leg this summer, and Swift will have performed on five continents by the time it’s over next year. The tour, which has included 56 shows so far, has grossed $780 million. Tickets sold for an average of $253 and more than 3 million fans have attended a show.
A film documenting the second highest-grossing tour of the summer, Beyoncé's Renaissance World Tour, will premiere in AMC Theatres on December 1. Renaissance: A Film by Beyoncé will reportedly cover the creation of her 2022 album Renaissance and its accompanying visual album, as well as the world tour The Renaissance tour has grossed $460 million from 46 shows this year.
