TITLE: The NFL Media Needs a Better List of Taylor Swift References

DESCRIPTION:
No more cheer captains, blank spaces, and wildest dreams.

CONTENT:
Slate’s sports podcast on “Tayvis,” the Damian Lillard trade, and the Ryder Cup.
Choose your preferred player:
For questions about subscriptions or your Slate Plus feed, check our FAQ.
Please enable javascript to get your Slate Plus feeds.
If you can't access your feeds, please contact customer support.
Thanks! Check your phone for a link to finish setting up your feed.
Please enter a 10-digit phone number.
Listen on your phone:RECOMMENDED
Enter your phone number and we'll text you a link to set up the
        podcast in your app:
We'll only text you about setting up this podcast, no spam.
Listen on your computer:
Apple Podcasts will only work on MacOS operating systems since Catalina. We do not support Android apps on desktop at this time.
Listen on your device:RECOMMENDED
These links will only work if you're on the device you listen to podcasts on. We do not support Stitcher at this time.
Set up
          manually:

How does this work?


We are showing you options for a computer but if you're on a phone or tablet
We are showing you options for a phone or a tablet but if you're on a computer,
          click here. If you still have questions about subscriptions or your Slate Plus Feed,  check our FAQ.

Loading...
We're sorry, but something went wrong while fetching your podcast feeds. Please contact us at plus@slate.com for help.
Stefan Fatsis and Josh Levin are joined by Kevin Clark of ESPN to talk about Sunday night’s game between Taylor Swift and the New York Jets, the Buffalo Bills’ rout of the Miami Dolphins, and more from the NFL. Ben Golliver of the Washington Post also comes on to evaluate the blockbuster trade of superstar Damian Lillard to the Milwaukee Bucks and what it means for the NBA. Finally, golf writer Shane Ryan discusses Team Europe’s blowout Ryder Cup win over the United States.
• Support Hang Up and Listen by subscribing to Slate Plus.
• Kevin Clark is the host of the new digital show and podcast This Is Football for ESPN and Omaha Productions.
• Taylor Swift and her celebrity friends watched Travis Kelce and the Kansas City Chiefs defeat the New York Jets, 23-20, at MetLife Stadium in New Jersey. Lots of Swifties did, too.
• In Slate, Heather Schwedel explored the “gender essentialism” in the Swift-Kelce coverage and Nadira Goffe explained the conservative backlash to the pop star and tight end.
• After being criticized by Joe Namath, Jets quarterback Zach Wilson played well.
• The Buffalo Bills routed the high-flying Miami Dolphins, 48-20.
• After multiple concussions last season, Dolphins quarterback Tua Tagovailoa considered retiring from the NFL.
• Read Ben Golliver’s work in the Washington Post and subscribe to his podcast, Greatest of All Talk.
• In the Post, Golliver assessed the winners and losers of Portland’s trade of Damian Lillard to the Milwaukee Bucks and broke down the follow-up deal sending Jrue Holiday from Portland to Boston.
• Golliver discussed the Lillard trade in an emergency episode of Greatest of All Talk.
• In Bleacher Report, Chris Haynes detailed the fractious process that resulted in Lillard being traded to Milwaukee instead of his preferred destination, Miami.
• Read Shane Ryan’s work in Golf Digest, buy his book The Cup They Couldn’t Lose, and join Apocalypse Sports Trivia.
• Europe defeated the United States, 16.5 to 11.5, to win the 2023 Ryder Cup in Italy.
• Read Ryan’s story in Golf Digest, “The Ryder Cup is broken, and there’s no easy fix.”
The weekend’s big drama: American golfer Patrick Cantlay didn’t wear a team hat.
Hang Up and Listen’s weekly Aquitania:
Josh’s Aquitania: What can I learn from pro athletes about the recovery time for my triquetral fracture?
On this week’s bonus segment, Stefan, Josh, and ESPN’s Kevin Clark talk about Damar Hamlin’s season debut for the Buffalo Bills and calls to ban the Philadelphia Eagles’ “tush push” play.
Podcast production and edit by Kevin Bendis.
You can email us at hangup@slate.com.
A weekly sports discussion show from Slate. Hang Up and Listen features Slate personalities Josh Levin and Stefan Fatsis.
Josh Levin is the editorial director of the Slow Burn and One Year podcasts. He is the host of One Year and Season 4 of Slow Burn and co-hosts the sports podcast Hang Up and Listen. He is the author of The Queen: The Forgotten Life Behind an American Myth.
Stefan Fatsis is a panelist on Hang Up and Listen and the author of Word Freak and A Few Seconds of Panic.