TITLE: Will Taylor Swift’s ‘New Romantics’ Become A Breakout Hit From ‘1989 (Taylor’s Version)’?

DESCRIPTION:
Fans only need to wait about a month and a half before they get a new album from Taylor Swift. Will they make "New Romantics" an even bigger hit than before?

CONTENT:
SYDNEY, AUSTRALIA - NOVEMBER 28:  Taylor Swift performs during her '1989' World Tour at ANZ Stadium ... [+] on November 28, 2015 in Sydney, Australia.  (Photo by Mark Metcalfe/Getty Images)
Fans only need to wait about a month and a half before they get a new album from Taylor Swift. The global superstar is planning on dropping the re-recorded edition of 1989, now titled 1989 (Taylor’s Version), on October 27. As that date looms, it’s worth wondering which of the tunes from the set will become hits again, or perhaps for the first time. One track is already earning the spotlight, and it might become another major win for the singer.
Swift formally announced 1989 (Taylor’s Version) at the last stop in America (for now) on her The Eras Tour several weeks ago. She told the crowd at SoFi Stadium, and thus the rest of the world, that the re-recorded album was coming in a part of the show when she plays two tunes that aren’t normally featured in the setlist. This moment mixes things up and makes the shows interesting for Swift and the audience. She chose to reveal the upcoming set and then play a tune from the original 1989, “New Romantics.” Now, that cut may have another shot at becoming huge.
“New Romantics” was released as the seventh and final single from 1989. It was originally only featured on the deluxe version of the album, and it wasn’t promoted heavily, as Swift had already been pushing the pop album for years by that point. The tune performed only alright, only rising to No. 46 on the Hot 100, failing to even break into the top 40 region.
In the years since then, “New Romantics” has become a fan favorite. It is regularly singled out by many die-hard supporters of Swift as a beloved 1989 composition that never got what it deserved. Now, Swift has the chance to change that and potentially score another hit with the upbeat and catchy cut.
The fact that “New Romantics” will forever be associated with the incredibly exciting reveal of 1989 (Taylor’s Version) might be enough for it to rise even higher on the Hot 100 when it’s released as “New Romantics (Taylor’s Version).” It now holds an even more special place in the hearts of fans than it did a month ago, and millions will forever associate it with that thrilling moment when Swift revealed the cover and release date of 1989 (Taylor’s Version).
There is plenty of precedence to suggest that many of the songs on 1989 (Taylor’s Version) might outperform their predecessors. A number of cuts originally released on earlier albums, now re-recorded and re-titled, have gone on to peak higher than the first takes.
For example, “All Too Well” was a medium-sized chart win for the singer more than a decade ago from her album Red. It was always beloved by fans and critics alike, but wasn’t a huge hit during its initial run. When it was re-released with Red (Taylor’s Version) as an extended cut, its lore made it a No. 1 smash on the Hot 100.
Recent electronically produced pop hits from Swift like “Cruel Summer” and even the “From The Vault” cut from Red (Taylor’s Version) “Message in a Bottle” both proved their popularity when they hit the Hot 100 as well. There is a desire for that kind of radio-ready pop sound that she dabbles in from time to time, and “New Romantics” ranks as among the best examples of that style when it comes to Swift’s back catalog.
There’s no word yet on what Swift plans on doling out as a single from 1989 (Taylor’s Version), or if she’s going that route at all. If she does push “New Romantics” as a single again, it will almost surely rise higher than it did the first time around.
If she doesn’t do so, “New Romantics” may still debut and peak in a loftier spot than the original take. Interest in all things Swift, especially this re-recordings project, is at an all-time high. Pair that with a seemingly never-ending love for 1989 and its songs, and it's a recipe for success for all the tracks on the album, including some fan favorites.
