TITLE: Patrick Mahomes’ Superwife Brittany Toasts Special Dinner With Almost Billionaire Taylor Swift, And Travis Kelce is Missing

DESCRIPTION:
Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift are generating shockwaves around the NFL arena. The magnanimity of Taylor Swift&#8217;s star power and fan following is unmatchable. She is closing in on a billion-dollar net worth, too. Amidst the dating rumors between Travis and Swift, her visit to watch the Chiefs vs Bears game last Sunday overshadowed everyone&#8230;The post Patrick Mahomes&#8217; Superwife Brittany Toasts Special Dinner With Almost Billionaire Taylor Swift, And Travis Kelce is Missing appeared first on EssentiallySports.

CONTENT:
Follow Us
via Imago
Credits: Imago
Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift are generating shockwaves around the NFL arena. The magnanimity of Taylor Swift’s star power and fan following is unmatchable. She is closing in on a billion-dollar net worth, too. Amidst the dating rumors between Travis and Swift, her visit to watch the Chiefs vs Bears game last Sunday overshadowed everyone at Arrowhead Stadium. Since then, fans have been speculating whether she will have a rivalry with Patrick Mahomes’s super wife Brittany Mahomes. Brittany has been supporting the Chiefs for a long time.
America’s Favorite Video Today
However, all speculations were put to rest on Sunday night itself when Brittany Mahomes and Taylor Swift were seen having shots together at Travis Kelce’s after-game celebration. The two had dinner in New Jersey, joined by Hollywood heartthrob Blake Lively and the Game of Thrones superstar Sophie Turner. Lovely’s friendship with Taylor Swift goes way back to 2015.  The host of the party, Travis Kelce, was missing though.
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
Taylor Swift and Brittany Mahomes enjoyed the dinner with others in the absence of Travis Kelce. This piqued interest among the fans given the ongoing dating rumors between him and Taylor Swift. Was he busy in preparation for the game against the Jets this Sunday or was it something else? According to an X source, it turned out that Taylor Swift’s dinner was girls-exclusive. So where was Travis then?
via Imago
Patrick Mahomes, Brittany Mahomes, Taylor Swift, Travis Kelce | Image Courtesy: Imago
We don’t have to dig further than New York to know the true story. Kelce was having dinner with his boys in Manhattan before Sunday’s big showdown at the MetLife. Now that the news is clear, let’s see who will visit the Chiefs vs Jets encounter. Don’t worry, Brittany Mahomes will be there to support her husband, Patrick Mahomes.
November 21, 2023 09:49 pm EDT
November 21, 2023 05:23 pm EDT
November 14, 2023 09:26 pm EDT
November 22, 2023 08:00 pm EDT
November 23, 2023 09:24 pm EDT
Get instantly notified of the hottest NFL stories via Google! Click on Follow Us and Tap the Blue Star.
Follow Us
Taylor Swift’s appearance is not confirmed yet. But if she attends the game, it also will be another chapter in the budding friendship between Taylor Swift and his new girl pal Brittany Mahomes. The game is on.
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
“Where Is She?” – Travis Kelce’s $740M Pal Taylor Swift Might Have Trouble
Finding a Cosy Spot at Packed MetLife
The much-anticipated match-up between the Chiefs and the Jets is on the horizon. No more waiting as the big Sunday clash is here. Riding high on back-to-back wins, the Chiefs are favorites to win. Don’t underestimate the Jets just yet. They may have suffered back-to-back losses, but their defense has the capacity to block out one of the best offensive pair in the league “Patrick Mahomes and Travis Kelce”.
ADVERTISEMENT
Article continues below this ad
It’s confirmed that Brittany Mahomes will be joined by Patrick Mahomes’s Mom and sister, which was confirmed earlier. Let’s wait and watch if Taylor Swift will make an appearance too. The game is on: defense vs. offense, Kansas vs. New York. What’s your pick? Do let us know. For the Chiefs vs. Jets injury update, click the link below.
Watch Story: Kansas City Chiefs Injury Report – Double Heartbreak for 2023 Super Bowl Winners
The Fan's Perspective
Enjoyed Your Read? Let us know how likely you are to recommend EssentiallySports to your friends!
1
2
3
4
5
Least Likely
Most Likely
Submit
ADVERTISEMENT
Written by:
Hitesh Sharma
138Articles
One take at a time
Edited by:
Vishav
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT