TITLE: Taylor Swift's Movie Accounted For 70% Of Box Office Grosses In America This Weekend

DESCRIPTION:
Taylor Swift’s film was reportedly responsible for 70% of box office grosses this past weekend.

CONTENT:
TOPSHOT - US singer Taylor Swift arrives for the "Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour" concert movie world ... [+] premiere at AMC The Grove in Los Angeles, California on October 11, 2023. (Photo by VALERIE MACON / AFP) (Photo by VALERIE MACON/AFP via Getty Images)
Taylor Swift has conquered almost every chart there is, and that statement now includes the ranking of the biggest movies in America.
The singer’s new concert film Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour launches at No. 1 on the list of the top-grossing movies this past weekend in America. Not only was the superstar’s first major motion picture of this kind a success, it blew every other title out of the water.
Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour opened with somewhere between $95 million and $97 million at the North American box office, according to the Associated Press. Internationally, the film's success was equally impressive, estimated to have earned a substantial $31 to $33 million. These international earnings contribute to a global total in the range of $126 million to $130 million.
As Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour celebrated a resounding victory at the box office in North America, it beat even the most exciting new releases by a massive margin. In fact, Swift’s film was reportedly responsible for 70% of box office grosses this past weekend.
The Exorcist: Believer, in its second weekend, secured a distant second place with $11 million in earnings. The Paw Patrol Movie follows in third place with $7 million. Rounding out the top five from this past weekend’s box office draw are Saw X and The Creator with $5.7 million and $4.3 million in box office earnings, respectively.
Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour is already the second-highest-grossing concert film of all time, replacing Justin Bieber’s Justin Bieber: Never Say Never, which stopped less than $1 million shy of hitting $100 million at the box office. Swift still has to catch up to Michael Jackson’s This Is It, which raked in more than a quarter of a billion dollars during its run.
