TITLE: Taylor Swift’s ‘1989’ Songs That Deserve To Be Bigger The Second Time Around

DESCRIPTION:
Throughout her re-recordings project, several songs originally featured on older Taylor Swift albums have performed better after they were re-released.

CONTENT:
GLASGOW, SCOTLAND - JUNE 23:  Taylor Swift performs at The SSE Hydro on June 23, 2015 in Glasgow, ... [+] Scotland.  (Photo by Ross Gilmore/Getty Images for TAS)
Taylor Swift's new album, 1989 (Taylor's Version), is out now, and it's surely headed for a massive debut on the Billboard charts. The set will almost certainly hit No. 1, giving the singer yet another leader on the ranking of the top-consumed albums in the U.S. Chances are some, if not all, of the tunes featured on the full-length will also reach the Hot 100, and there are a handful that deserve this second moment of attention.
1989 was a blockbuster release, producing a number of major hit singles. Three tracks went to No. 1 on the Hot 100, and several others broke into the top 10. While no one can say that the title didn't earn its due, there are several tunes on 1989 that might not have received all the love they could have the first time around. Now, fans have a second shot at propelling certain cuts toward the top of the tally.
Throughout her re-recordings project, several songs originally featured on older Swift albums have performed better after they were re-released, as they had become fan favorites in the years in between when they first arrived and when the singer doled them out again. So, why shouldn't the same happen for some of her 1989 tracks?
"Style" is one of the most memorable songs from 1989, and it was also one of the biggest hits as well. While "Style" did break into the top 10 on the Hot 100, it has gained even more of a following in the years since its heyday. Like tunes such as "All Too Well," it would be great to see this cut hit a new high, perhaps even reaching No. 1...though that seems like a longshot.
The final single from 1989, "New Romantics," was not promoted as heavily as the six official cuts that preceded it. Originally featured as a bonus cut on the album, "New Romantics" failed to break into the top 40 on the Hot 100, which is very surprising for a single from the star. Swift played the tune immediately after announcing 1989 (Taylor's Version), so it now holds a very special place in the hearts of millions of Swifties. Turning it into a top 40 hit after all these years would be an incredible moment for the star and her followers.
Three songs from 1989 only missed the Hot 100 by a few spaces when they were first releases, settling for what's called the Bubbling Under Hot 100, which is essentially a 25-spot extension of the main ranking. So far, one of those tracks, "This Love," has been released as a re-recording. "This Love (Taylor's Version)" finally reached the main chart after nearly a decade, peaking at No. 50. Now, it's time for the new takes on both "All You Had to Do Was Stay" and "How You Get the Girl" to do the same.
Of course, there are many other tracks from 1989, as well as a handful of new ones that have been added to 1989 (Taylor's Version), that will also likely hit the Hot 100 after the set has enjoyed a full tracking week. And fans of the singer all have their own favorites that they're hoping to push up the charts as well. How each tune performs will be announced by Billboard in a few days, but chances are most of the tracks on the title will make it to the Hot 100, even if they didn’t muster that performance the first time around.
