TITLE: Taylor Swift’s Concert Film Will Net Her Two Massive Paydays

DESCRIPTION:
The movie is on track to be a box office smash, but those future numbers only tell part of the story when it comes to how much money Swift will make from the title.

CONTENT:
KANSAS CITY, MISSOURI - JULY 08: (EDITORIAL USE ONLY) Taylor Swift performs onstage during night two ... [+] of Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour at GEHA Field at Arrowhead Stadium on July 08, 2023 in Kansas City, Missouri. (Photo by Fernando Leon/TAS23/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management)
On October 13, Taylor Swift will release her highly-anticipated concert film Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour. The movie is built around her Los Angeles stops on her historic trek, which has now taken her to Mexico and will continue around the globe for the next year or so. The movie is on track to be a box office smash, but those future ticket numbers only tell part of the story when it comes to how much money Swift will make from the project.
Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour is already pacing for a massive debut at the box office, with some industry projections placing its first weekend’s figure at $100 million or more. Remember, that number only reflects the first few days the movie is out in the world. The title could run for a few weekends, or perhaps months, and by the time all is said and done and it leaves theaters, there’s no telling how many more millions it might bring in.
It’s also not entirely clear how much Swift is set to earn from Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour. She and her team clearly led the charge of creating, filming and selling the title to a distributor, as they didn’t go through more traditional channels. How her deal was structured was never made public, but the star of the show is surely going to earn millions from the theatrical run.
Once Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour is done playing in theaters, it will find its way to the digital world, though what exactly that second life will look like in is unclear. According to a report published by Puck, the streaming rights to the movie have yet to be acquired, but many of the top platforms are likely making offers to the singer, clamoring to get an exclusive on what is about to become the most successful concert movie ever.
Swift has a history of selling her documentaries and concert films to streaming platforms. She’s worked with a number in the past, with some of her movies appearing on Netflix
NFLX
, Apple
AAPL
 and Disney+. The singer has also recently been synching some of her new songs in Amazon Prime Video shows, so that company is probably competing for this movie as well.
Swift apparently doesn’t have a preference when it comes to working with the major streamers, and she is surely accepting propositions from many of the entertainment giants.
What Swift has been paid for any of her past films has never been made public, but each project likely earned her millions. Fellow pop stars like Billie Eilish and Rihanna have reportedly earned more than $20 million for their docs, and Swift is even more popular, so it’s safe to guess that her payday for each of her docs was close to that sum.
After Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour wraps its historic box office run, there will be a clamoring among fans to know when they can see it again. This movie is the rare sort that may be big enough to convince some to sign up for a streaming platform they don’t already pay for, and that makes it incredibly valuable to any of them. The mere association with Swift is also worth paying handsomely for as well.
After earning millions of dollars in traditional movie theaters, Swift could earn millions more, if not tens of millions, when she sells the rights to Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour. She might forgo such a plan, instead selling the film digitally and on DVD, but going with a streaming site will likely be easier and a clean, simple paycheck.
Which company will win out, and when it might hit streaming platforms, is yet to be announced, but the deal will only add to the hundreds of millions Swift is set to take home from the tour itself, with this movie being another way she can become much richer thanks to this effort.
