TITLE: Taylor Swift’s The Eras Tour Could Earn Her A Grammy…Next Year

DESCRIPTION:
Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour may one earn the star of the picture the Best Music Film Grammy, though it will have to compete for the honor next year.

CONTENT:
Inglewood, CA - August 07: Taylor Swift performs during The Eras Tour at SoFi Stadium in Inglewood ... [+] Monday, Aug. 7, 2023.  (Allen J. Schaben / Los Angeles Times via Getty Images)
In just under one month, Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour will hit theaters across North America. The film, which will showcase Swift's massively successful The Eras Tour, is expected to be a box office smash. In fact, predictions already place its opening weekend pull at $100 million or more. All that money will surely make Swift happy, but that might not be the end of the rewards coming to her for the movie.
Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour may one earn the star of the picture the Best Music Film Grammy. The superstar has already won a dozen Grammys, but she's never competed in this specific field, and her latest movie may change that... though she'll have to wait a while before earning that nomination.
Best Music Film was introduced in the '80s by the Recording Academy to "honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position." In the past, the prize has gone to a mix of concert films and documentaries about music and musicians, and Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour should be considered a frontrunner... when it's actually eligible.
To be eligible for consideration in the Best Music Film category, any concert and/or performance films or music documentaries must be released in theaters, be put up for sale to the general public, or air on TV (or in today's world, streaming platforms) within the eligibility window, or some combination of those. Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour is hitting theaters across America, so that immediately makes it eligible, though fans shouldn't expect it to count among Swift's upcoming nominations.
The cutoff date for the 2024 Grammys was September 15, 2023, so that means that Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour won't be able to compete at the upcoming ceremony. Instead, it will be eligible a year later, when it will likely be a serious contender for the Best Music Film award. By then, the movie may have also made its way to streaming platforms, though Swift and her team have remained mum on that subject.
Swift is expected to be one of the top nominees at the 2024 Grammys, even if she can't go out for Best Music Film. She has several albums and many singles that are eligible for consideration, and she's likely to dominate not only the top categories but also the pop and perhaps country fields as well. The singer-songwriter may walk away with some of the biggest honors, including Album, Record and Song of the Year.
