TITLE: Taylor Swift Breaks Out Of A Tie With Katy Perry With Her Latest No. 1 Hit

DESCRIPTION:
Taylor Swift has now claimed eight No. 1 hits on the Radio Songs chart throughout her career, with “Cruel Summer” being the eighth.

CONTENT:
BEVERLY HILLS, CA - FEBRUARY 07:  *EXCLUSIVE* Singers Taylor Swift and Katy Perry attend the 2009 ... [+] GRAMMY Salute To Industry Icons honoring Clive Davis at the Beverly Hilton Hotel on February 7, 2009 in Beverly Hills, California.  (Photo by Larry Busacca/WireImage)
Taylor Swift’s single “Cruel Summer” has been a fan favorite for a long time, but now, years after it was first released, it’s no longer known by just her Swifties. The tune rises again on an important Billboard chart this week, and by doing so, the singer breaks out of a tie with some major stars and proves her unwavering talent for crafting a tune that Americans can’t deny.
“Cruel Summer” jumps to No. 1 on this week’s edition of the Radio Songs chart, the weekly ranking lists the most popular tracks at radio across the U.S., regardless of genre. Swift’s current focus is new to the top spot, as it has been slowly working its way toward the summit for months now.
Swift has now claimed eight No. 1 hits on the Radio Songs chart throughout her career, with “Cruel Summer” being the eighth. The superstar singer breaks out of a four-way tie for the fourth-most leaders on the ranking thanks to the continued popularity of “Cruel Summer.”
With this latest win, Swift breaks her tie with Katy Perry, Maroon 5 and Usher. All three of those acts are steady with their seven champions on the Radio Songs chart, though the ranking of the artists with the most leaders has changed. Now, that trio of stars are tied with one another for the fifth-most No. 1s, while Swift holds onto the title of the fourth-most wins.
Currently, Rihanna leads all acts with the most No. 1 smashes in Radio Songs history, with a lucky 13. Mariah Carey sits in second place, with 11, and she’s the only other name with double-digit leaders. One winner ahead of Swift is Bruno Mars, who has accrued nine No. 1 hits on the tally.
