TITLE: Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce age difference: How old are pop star, Chiefs TE in 2023?

DESCRIPTION:
The pair may seem part of entirely different generations. That isn't quite the case, however.

CONTENT:
Father Time comes for us all. It's a wretched scoundrel, one that sneaks up on even the most perceptive of observers. One moment, your face is speckled with pimples. The next, it's scrawled with crevices.
It's within that context that Taylor Swift exists. The pop superstar has been a fixture in the public realm since she was a teenager. And to many, she has retained that youthfulness. She's omnipresent in pop culture, her music soundtracking some of history's most notable moments.
Perhaps it's that presence that has made Swift retain her youth in the general public's eye. She's gotten older and wiser, that is for sure. But it's hard to conceptualize that when the first time many of us were introduced to her was when she was but a teenager, writing love songs on her six-string back in Pennsylvania.
Swift's sudden romance with Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce has many an onlooker confused. Part of why that is the case is because the duo seem on entirely different sides of the age spectrum. Kelce is the wily veteran whose spot in the Pro Football Hall of Fame is certified. Swift, meanwhile, is a beacon of sprightliness, the soundtrack of millions of youngsters the world over.
MORE: Where does Taylor Swift live?
So, just how big it the age differential between the two? Here's what you need to know:
Swift and Kelce's fanbases may seem on different planes demographically. But things aren't always as they appear. For Swift and Kelce are mere months away from the same age. No, seriously...
Swift was born on Dec. 13, 1989. Kelce's birthday? Oct. 5, 1989. As such, the couple (?) are separated by a little over two months in age. That's a 69-day difference. That's a breath of fresh air, especially when compared to the wide age differences — and the subsequently unequal power dynamics — that have come to define many relationships between cisgender heterosexual male celebrities and their partners (e.g., Leonardo DiCaprio).
MORE: Taylor Swift-Travis Kelce Tiktok trend, explained
Swift has been in the pop culture nebula for more than a decade. As such, her age might sneak up on you. But the West Reading, Pennsylvania, native is 33 years old in 2023. And her 34th birthday isn't all that far away; Swift celebrates her 34th on Dec. 13.
Kelce is no spring chicken in his own right, especially by NFL standards. The gifted pass-catcher is also 33 but has a birthday this week.
So although the couple may seem in vastly different stratospheres in terms of age, in reality they are of the same generation. Go figure...
David Suggs is a content producer at The Sporting News.