TITLE: What surprise songs are left for Taylor Swift Eras Tour LA tour dates?

DESCRIPTION:
Here's a complete list of every surprise song Taylor Swift has played during the Eras tour, and what's still to come.

CONTENT:
For Southern California Swifties, the biggest event of the year is about to take place. The Eras Tour has officially made its way to Los Angeles.
Sofi Stadium will bring in hundreds of thousands of fans to Inglewood throughout the next week. Since the start of Swift’s tour on March 17 in Glendale Arizona, her set list has stayed consistent, with only a few song swaps here and there. However, one thing that fans can count on is that each night of the Eras Tour, Swift selects two songs from her catalog to perform acoustically, one on the guitar and one on the piano. With her six Los Angeles concerts come 12 new surprise songs.
It’s an intimate moment between Swift and her fans, with rare guest appearances, where she strips down a song to just the lyrics and the chords.
So far Swift has performed 93 different surprise songs throughout her U.S. dates. After promising fans that if she messes up a song and has to restart it, it’s fair game for her to perform as a surprise song at another venue, she performed “Clean” from 1989 for a second time.
Also see: Taylor Swift’s 6 SoFi Stadium Shows: What you need to know before you go
Fans have taken it upon themselves to track each of the surprise songs as they go either through making a series out of it on TikTok, creating a website or taking to social media to place bets on which songs they thing she’ll perform that evening and what their punishment will be if she does.
Here’s the breakdown of surprise song possibilities left for the LA shows from each of Swift’s 10 albums:
Taylor has performed all of the songs from 1989 during the first leg of her tour. The final song she performed from the album was New Romantics on August 9 after announcing that 1989 (Taylor’s Version) would be her next re-recording. The album will be released on October 27, 9 years to the date after the original album was released.
1989 TAYLORS VERSION OUT OCTOBER#LATSTheErasTour #TSTheErasTour #TaylorSwift #1989TaylorsVersion #1989tv pic.twitter.com/Lbkqn3hc4g
— Carolyn Burt (@CarolynBurt_) August 10, 2023

Swift has also performed some songs that she wrote exclusively for movie soundtracks including “I Don’t Wanna Live Forever” from “Fifty Shades Darker” and “Today Was a Fairytale” from “Valentine’s Day.”
Note: This list does not include songs from Swift’s Christmas album or those that she flubbed during the original surprise song performance.
And for curious fans who want to know what surprise songs have already been played while not spoiling the official set list, her’s a breakdown of when she played each surprise song and any special guests she had.